Java Service Wrapper Revision History.
--------------------------------------

3.5.11
* Fix a potential crash on Windows caused by a buffer overflow.  This has been
  a problem since version 3.5.0 and affects configurations which define more
  than one wrapper.ntservice.dependency.<n>.  Depending on what was in memory,
  this did not always result in a crash.  It has very reproducible behavior for
  a given configuration file.
* Fix a problem on Windows where the Wrapper was taking 15 seconds or longer to
  startup on some systems because the WinVerifyTrust system call was having
  problems updating the CRL.  This had been a problem since the Wrapper
  binaries started being signed in version 3.5.7.  If the WinVerifyTrust call
  takes longer than the configured wrapper.startup_thread.timeout then the
  Wrapper will continue to startup without further delay.
* (Standard, Professional) Explicitly remove the certificate of the customized
  binary during customization. There were problems resigning the binary with
  another certificate otherwise.
* If the Wrapper is unable to write to the configured wrapper.logfile for any
  reason then we always fall back to a default log file and then log a message
  about the failure.  If the default also fails then that is also logged but
  the messages would only be logged to the console in most cases.  Modify the
  Wrapper so we now always send both messages to the syslog or EventLog
  regardless of what the wrapper.syslog.loglevel is set to.  This is important
  to help track down the cause of logfile access problems.
* Starting with version 3.5.0, it was internally possible to print out
  multi-line log messages so that all of the lines would always be grouped
  together in the log file.  This version modifies the logging code slightly so
  that such multi-line log output is now logged as a single message in the UNIX
  sylog or Windows EventLog.
* Fix a problem where very long lines of output from the JVM would cause the
  Wrapper to appear to hang for a while.  The first time a single line of
  output containing several hundred thousand characters was logged, an internal
  buffer was being incrementally increased by 100 characters per cycle.  The
  Wrapper now increases the size based on last known size to greatly reduce the
  number of cycles needed to choose a new buffer size.
* Modify the PAUSE_THREAD command so it is now possible to wait indefinitely.
  Only useful for testing the Wrapper.
* Add a new PAUSE_LOGGER command to make it possible to pause the next log
  entry.  Only useful for testing the Wrapper.
* On UNIX, the stdout/stderr pipe between the JVM and Wrapper was not being
  cleaned up correctly.  This resulted in a small leak but was otherwise
  harmless.  The pipes are now cleaned up and initialized for each JVM
  instance.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper could fail to restart the JVM when the
  restart request originated in the JVM if the system was experiencing very
  heavy IO resulting in long disk IO queues.   This was causing the Wrapper's
  main loop to block on the write and miss the restart request, causing the
  Wrapper to shutdown rather than restart.  This could affect all platforms.
  On Windows, it could also be reproduced by making a selection in the console
  to freeze output and then making a request from within the JVM to restart.
* Add a new WrapperPropertyUtil helper class to make it easer to access Wrapper
  property values from within the JVM.
* Fix a bug on some platforms where java log output could get corrupted due to
  misuse of a strncpy system function.  This function warns that some
  implementations do not support overlapping memory copies.  The problem could
  only be reproduced on a single Linux test machine in lines following an empty
  line of output.  This problem has existed since 3.4.0.

3.5.10
* Setting wrapper.jvm.port to '0' (zero) will make the JVM to assign an 
  available port for the backend socket by itself.
* Add warnings in the log file if an integer configuration property value
  contains a non-numerical value.  Previously, the Wrapper would silently
  ignore the problem and use the value of 0 if the number started with an
  invalid character, it will now return the default value.  If the property
  value started with valid numerical characters then those were, and still will
  be, used to generate a value, but the invalid characters will be trimmed.
  The later is being kept this way to avoid breaking old configurations.
* Add warnings in the log file if a boolean configuration property has any
  value other than TRUE or FALSE.  It will still return a value of FALSE
  for other values to avoid breaking old configurations.
* Add a warning if an invalid value is specified for the wrapper.on_exit.<n>
  property.
* Add a new wrapper.log.lf_delay.threshold property which makes it possible
  to control how long a partial line of Java log output will be allowed to be
  buffered until it is completed with a line feed.  If the threshold is
  exceeded then the partial line will be logged as a full line resulting in an
  extra line feed in the log output.  All previous versions would do this
  within 1-2 ms.  The default is now 500ms.
* (Standard, Professional) Make it possible to customize the manufacturer
  through the customize options.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the Wrapper was sending a CTRL-BREAK
  rather than a CTRL-C signal to child processes launched with
  WrapperManager.exec when destroying them on Windows.  For most child
  processes this was not a problem, but if the direct child process was a JVM
  then the CTRL-BREAK was triggering a thread dump rather than asking the JVM
  to exit.  The Wrapper was then timing out and forcibly killing the JVM child
  process.
* (Standard, Professional) Fixed a bug, where the timezone ICT when set by
  the wrapper.timezone property got misinterpreted as IST.
* (Standard, Professional) Fixed a problem where the UTC offset value in the 
  wrapper.timezone property was not being parsed correctly on UNIX platforms.
  This led to the Wrapper to using an offset UTC0000.
* Take out the warning about unset LANG environment variable on Linux and 
  AIX systems.  On system startup, some systems fail to set the LANG
  environment variable.  This is not really a problem for the Wrapper and the
  warning was causing confusion for users so we decided to remove it.

3.5.9
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem on Windows where network adapters
  whose names contained "PRO/1000" were being removed from the list of hostids
  displayed when "wrapper.exe -h" was run.  This did not affect existing server
  license key files generated for hostIds reported by 3.5.7 or earlier, or
  development license keys.  But it did cause the Wrapper to report that no
  valid hostIds could be found when the Wrapper was started without a license
  file.  This was caused by some test code added in 3.5.8 that we failed to
  remove.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was not correctly yielding control back to
  its main loop when very large amounts of continuous output was being logged
  from the JVM.  Introduced in version 3.4.0.  In versions prior to 3.5.8, this
  could have caused the JVM to timeout and restart itself.  That particular
  issue was resolved but the Wrapper process in 3.5.8 would still have been
  unresponsive when this was happening.  The Wrapper will now always yeild back
  to its main loop after 250 milliseconds of continuous logging.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperManager could block trying write debug output
  if the current user application was writing very large amounts of output to
  the console as well.  In extreme circumstances this led to the Wrapper
  thinking that the JVM was frozen.  This was only an issue if debug output was
  enabled.
* Restructured the shell script so all editions now use the same script again.

3.5.8
* (Standard, Professional) Starting with version 3.5.5, we invalidated the use
  of all 00ff* hostids on Windows to avoid problems with changing hostids when
  users have a Juniper Network Connect network adapter on their system.  This
  turned out to be too restrictive as Guest OSs running under Parallels also
  make use of this hostid range.  The Wrapper is now more careful to only
  invalidate actual Juniper Network Connect hostids.
* (Standard, Professional) Improve the message shown to the user when the
  Wrapper is unable to locate any hostids for a system.
* Fixed a problem with the wrapper script on Solaris, where the option -F was
  not available for grep.
* Added Windows version information on the wrapper debug output.
* Added a wrapper.log.warning.threshold property which makes the Wrapper show
  a warning whenever it detects that the Wrapper took a long time to record a
  log message.  This was added to test a reported issue caused by slow IO on
  very heavily loaded systems.
* Fix a problem where a filter that requested the JVM to restart would be
  ignored if the JVM exited on its own immediately.  The Wrapper is now more
  consistent so that restart requests from within the JVM or filters will
  always take priority over such exit requests.  External shutdown requests, or
  those from other actions will still behave as they did in the past and
  continue to shutdown the Wrapper.  The Wrapper also logs messages in debug
  output if an outstanding restart request is being preserved or ignored.
* Fixed a problem in the AppCommand.bat batch file which could occur on some
  Windows platforms with certain multi-byte system encodings. The script has
  been rewritten and questionable parts have been simplified. The functionality
  of the script has been preserved.
* Added the environment variable WRAPPER_CONF_DIR, which can be used for 
  the configuration properties. (Feature Request 3160644)
* Made the script exit with the right exit code received when running the
  script as different user, specified in RUN_AS_USER. (Bug Report 3185281)
* Fix an access violation which could happen when reporting that the code
  signing certificate has failed to been verified.
* Log an error if the backend socket is forcibly closed externally.  It had
  been getting logged at a debug log level.  The message is "An existing
  connection was forcibly closed by the remote host. (0x2746)".  Because the
  message was only logged if debug output was enabled, the JVM would be
  restarted with no clear explanation as to what happened.  The source of the
  socket closure is under investigation.
* (Professional) Added the Java call fireUserEvent to the WrapperManager API.
  This enables to fire user event mails, actions without the filter trigger.
* Fix a warning on Mac versions if the configured java command was not a
  universal binary.  A check was added in 3.4.0 to make sure that the
  wrapper.java.command pointed directly to an executable to avoid unexpected
  behavior when running a script.  The message is only a warning and the
  Wrapper continues regardless.  Standard ppc, ppc_64, x86_64, i386, as well
  as the universal binaries will now all work correctly without a warning.
* The default value of the wrapper.*.umask properties is using the current
  umask the process has. Before the default value was always 0022.
* Add a new wrapper.backend.type property that is used to control whether the
  Wrapper communicates with the JVM using the traditional "SOCKET" or new
  experimental "PIPE".  This was added as a workaround to a rare problem where
  some Windows machines are closing the socket at an OS level.  This was only
  ever seen on Windows 2003, but could exist on other Windows versions as well.
* Add a new experimental wrapper.use_javaio_thread property which causes the
  Wrapper to handle all java console output in a dedicated thread.
* Add a new WrapperManager.isNativeLibraryOk() method which lets user code
  easily test whether or not the native library was loaded and initialized on
  startup.
* Add a new PAUSE_THREAD command to the wrapper.commandfile property which
  makes it possible to test how the Wrapper behaves when various threads block
  or freeze.  This was used to simulate and reproduce issues on heavily IO
  bound servers.
* Improve the way the Java side of the Wrapper behaves when the Wrapper fails
  to ping the JVM for an extended period of time.  The JVM used to exit to let
  itself resync itself with the JVM.  This was causing problems on systems
  which were heavily IO bound because the Wrapper could block for a while while
  trying to write to the log file and the JVM was exiting.  The JVM will now
  never exit under such circumstances.  The JVM will never become orphaned
  because it will still exit almost immediately if the backend socket or pipe
  with the Wrapper is ever closed.
* Deprecate the WrapperManager.appearOrphan() method as it is used to simulate
  a failure mode which is no longer possible with the Wrapper.
* Changed the way the Wrapper is handling certificate errors regarding the 
  code signing/timestamping certificate. The Wrapper will now only shutdown 
  itself if the signature of the binary was not successfully verified because 
  the binary or signature has been malformed but not if any problem with 
  the counter-signer has been found.  Starting with 3.5.7, the Windows Wrapper
  binaries are signed.  Some users with locked down Windows 2008 systems had
  problems with the Wrapper refusing to start because the Comodo certificate
  had been disabled on their system.
* Add a new wrapper.java.detach_started property which makes it possible to use
  the Wrapper as a simple tool to launch Java applications.  When enabled, the
  Wrapper terminates immediately and the JVM is left to run on its own.
* When running the Wrapper as a specified User Account, through the 
  wrapper.ntservice.account property, the Wrapper will add permission for the
  account to log on as service automatically upon install. (Feature Request 
  #3286491)
* Fixed a problem binding the backend socket on Windows. If another process 
  bound a port inside the wrapper.port.min and wrapper.port.max range using the
  SO_EXCLUSIVEADDRUSE option, the Wrapper would stop at this port report 
  an Access Permission problem and omits binding any further port in the range.
  This problem existed ever since the Wrapper was released.

3.5.7
* Changed the way the script is installing the daemon gets installed on an AIX
  system. The script now uses inittab & SRC.
* Fix a problem in the shell script that was preventing the script from
  starting the Wrapper correctly if a file or directory existed in the current
  working directory which was one character in length.  This was only a problem
  when the delta-pack naming of the Wrapper was used.  This was easy to
  reproduce on AIX systems on system restart because a "u" directory exists in
  the root directory by default.  This had been a problem since 3.4.0 when
  it was introduced as a fix to a Solaris problem.  The root cause was a
  missing set of quotes in the tr command.
* Fix a problem in the shell script that was preventing the script from finding
  the running wrapper process when it was started when the working directory
  was in the same directory as the wrapper binary, but queried later from
  another location.  It would also fail if it was started from another
  location, but then queried from the location of the Wrapper.  This was
  introduced in version 3.5.6 when the script stopped changing the working
  directory in the script.
* Add a new GC action that will cause the JVM to immediately perform a full
  garbage collection sweep.  See the wrapper.commandfile,
  wrapper.filter.action.<n>, wrapper.check.deadlock.action, and
  wrapper.timer.<n>.action properties for details.
* (Professional) Modify the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.block.action
  property slightly so it will now correctly warn if an unknown action is
  encountered.  It had been defaulting to CONTINUE silently.
* Modify the timing of the message shown when an #encoding directive is missing
  from the top of a configuration file.  It was only being logged if debug
  output was enabled.  It will now also be logged if the #include.debug
  directive is specified.
* Fix the indentation of warning messages about encoding or include problems in
  configuration files.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where include file problems could
  cause the shell script to have errors due to invalid translated output from
  the Wrapper.
* Add a warning when the maximum include depth is reached and include debugging
  is enabled.  The Wrapper had always just silently skipped the include.
* Fix a problem where #include.required directive was not correctly preventing
  startup if the include file was missing but the required include was in a
  nested include.
* Fix a problem where the cause of some fatal include problems were not being
  logged correctly, resulting in a simple, non-informative message only that
  the configuration file failed to be loaded.  This was a problem since 3.5.5.
* Fix a Windows problem where the Wrapper could fail to start as a service if a
  defined environment variable would expand to a length larger than the 32k
  limit specified in the ExpandEnvironmentStrings system function.  This was a
  problem on all Windows platforms prior to version 3.5.5, but only on Windows
  2000 since then, when the code used to reload the environment from the
  registry was disabled for newer versions of Windows.  We now simply skip the
  expansion of the problem variable and continue with a warning.  Bug #3103776.
* Add a set of optional system properties that the WrapperSimpleApp,
  WrapperStartStopApp, and WrapperJarApp helper classes are aware of to tell
  them to ignore uncaught exceptions thrown within the main methods of the user
  application.  The exceptions will still be logged, but they can now be
  configured so that the main method is just allowed to end without causing the
  Wrapper to shutdown in an error state.  Java on its own will stay running in
  such a case as long as it has launched at least one non-daemon thread prior
  to the uncaught exception being thrown.  This does not affect most users, but
  an application was found that was having problems because of this difference
  in behavior.  See the javadocs of the helper classes for details.
* (Professional) Fix a problem when looking for the correct exit code to use
  for the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.on_exit.<n> property.  The Wrapper
  now searches for a value as follows:
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.on_exit.<n>,
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.on_exit.default,
  wrapper.event.default.command.on_exit.<n>, then
  wrapper.event.default.command.on_exit.default.  The third pattern had been
  getting skipped in previous versions since it was added in version 3.3.0.
* (Professional) Add logic to report a warning if an unexpected value is
  specified for the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.on_exit.<n> or
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.block.action properties.
* (Professional) Clean up the message log levels so the output is as expected
  when using the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.loglevel property.
* (Professional) Improve the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.on_exit.<n>
  property so the configured action will now work even if the command exits
  after the block time out has expired.  In previous versions, there was no
  way to make the Wrapper do anything other than continue.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the Wrapper was failing to detect a JVM
  exit correctly if an event command had been fired first.  The only problem
  was that the Wrapper was always reporting a JVM exit code of 0 rather than
  the actual exit code.
* Fix a buffer overflow on Windows when either installing as a service, or
  updating an existing service.  The problem only occurred when properties
  containing spaces, or Java passthrough arguments containing spaces were
  specified on the command line.  The running service did not have any
  problems.  This was introduced in 3.5.0.
* (Standard, Professional) Improve the error message logged when an unlicensed
  version of the Wrapper's native library is used.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a buffer overflow problem on Windows when
  creating a customized Wrapper binary if the target binary name did not
  include the ".exe" extension.  This problem existed since its intruduction in
  version 3.3.7.
* The wrapper.exe, wrapperw.exe and wrapper.dll binaries are now being signed
  on Windows making it possible to verify that valid Tanuki Software binaries
  are being used.
* Implemented a way to install, remove, start, stop, etc., the Wrapper as a
  Windows service from a non-elevated (UAC) console.  The Wrapper is elevated
  transparently using a child process.  This is needed starting with Windows
  Vista and 2008 for smooth interaction with the Windows Service Manager.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where the wrapperjni_*.mo localized
  files were not being loaded correctly.  These messages are only shown when
  debug output is enabled.  Application and Wrapper localization was working
  fine.  Introduced in 3.5.5.
* (Standard, Professional) Enhanced the ability to run with localizations
  other than the system language on Windows.  The Wrapper process locale was
  not being set correctly.  So Japanese text was not always showing correctly
  if the wrapper.lang property was set when the OS was English or German.
  The Java process still has an issue where it will always start with the
  system default value for the file.encoding system property.  This can still
  cause problems writing Japanese text when the file.encoding is German for
  example.
* Added support in the shell script for starting/installing the wrapper on
  system boot with upstart.
* Fix a problem in the shell script where it would fail to recognize a running
  Wrapper if the Wrapper command line or path contained a square bracket.
* Modify the way we test for the existance of the temp directory so we now
  generate our own file name rather than using File.createTempFile.  On some
  systems createTempFile was taking a long time because it requires that Java
  initialize its internal entropy.  We discovered that large numbers of files
  in the java.tmpdir directory makes Java's entropy initialization code very
  slow.  This has been a potential issue since 3.5.0.
* Fixed a problem on Windows where passthrough arguments after a "--" which
  contained spaces were not being passed through to the JVM intact, they were
  being split at the spaces into multiple arguments.
* Fix a problem on Windows where the Wrapper could sometimes crash on shutdown
  if more than one thread got into the cleanup code at the same time.  This
  did not affect running applications and was only an issue on shutdown.  It
  was more likely if a language pack was loaded.  Introduced in 3.5.3.  

3.5.6
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where the log file path was being calculated
  incorrectly if an absolute path was specified for wrapper.logfile, and the
  file did not already exist.   A warning message was being displayed but the
  Wrapper would continue using the default log file.  There was a problem in
  the message displayed which caused a crash on some platforms include Mac OSX.
  Introduced in version 3.5.5.
* Fix a problem on Windows platforms where the Wrapper would crash if it could
  not access the directory of the configured wrapper.logfile. 
  Introduced in version 3.5.5.  Bug #3087424.
* Improve the way warnings are logged when there are problems writing to the
  configured wrapper.logfile so that the message will now be logged into the
  log file that the Wrapper ends up using in case it is successful in falling
  back to a default log file.
* Fix a problem on Windows platforms where wrapper.java.additional.<n>
  properties that were specified on the command line, and contained spaces,
  were not being requoted correctly when building up the Java command line.
  Introduced in version 3.3.6.
* Fix a problem where the warning message logged for invalid values of the
  wrapper.java.additional.<n> property, contained corrupted text.  Introduced
  in version 3.3.6.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where an invalid value for the
  wrapper.java.additional.<n> property was correctly being reported and then
  skipped, but the resulting command line to launch the JVM had a blank value
  that was causing the JVM to fail to launch.  An invalid value is any value
  that does not begin with a "-" character.
* Add a new WRAPPER_INIT_DIR environment variable which can be used to
  reference the working directory from which the Wrapper was launched.  This is
  needed for certain applications because the Wrapper always changes its
  working directory to the location of the Wrapper binary.
* Modify the UNIX shell script so it no longer changes the current working dir
  to the location of the script.  This is no longer needed because the Wrapper
  has been changing the working directory to its own location since version
  3.2.0.
* Add a new wrapper.request_thread_dump_on_failed_jvm_exit.delay property to
  control how long the Wrapper will wait after doing a thread dump before
  killing the Java process.  This delay has always been hardcoded to 5 seconds.
* Clean up the text of several warning messages about invalid configuration
  values to make them more consistent.
* (Professional) Add a new wrapper.jvm_kill.delay property which makes it
  possible to control the amount of time to allow between the jvm_kill event
  being fired and the JVM actually being killed.  Useful if an external event
  command is fired that needs to do something with the JVM process first.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the output of the
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.message and wrapper.event.<event_name>.loglevel
  properties were not displaying correctly on UNIX platforms.
* (Professional) Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where the Java side of the
  Wrapper was not being correctly notified if a large number of child
  processes that had been launched with WrapperManager.exec, exited at the
  same instant.  Some of them were going into a defunct state until the next
  child exited, at which point they would be cleaned up.  This was mainly an
  issue on JVM shutdown if the user code was calling WrapperProcess.waitFor()
  as part of its shutdown process.   WaitFor calls at any point were getting
  stuck and would remain so until another child exited.  As part of this fix,
  there were also several changes to the Windows implementation to bring the
  two code bases into sync.
* Fix a problem on Windows when multiple threads were creating Childobjects,
  Handles could have been unintendedly get inherited by another Child Process,
  causing problems on reading/writing to the Input/Output/Errorstream.
* Fix a problem on solaris and AIX when errno calls were not thread safe due
  to a compiler switch.
* Fix a problem where debug level warning output while loading the Wrapper
  configuration was being displayed on startup.   This could be fixed because
  the Wrapper actually loads the configuration twice, and such output is now
  only logged on the second call.
* (Standard, Professional) Remove the undocumented ability to define a single
  file share mapping without the index.  This would cause confusion if used,
  and complicated the code.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a byte alignment problem caused by a bad
  compiler directive on Windows platforms.  It was known to cause a crash when
  defining mapped drives on 64-bit Windows versions.  The problem was in the
  source since version 3.3.7, but is not known to cause any other issues.
* (Standard, Professional) Modify the messages displayed when network shares
  are mapped or fail for some reason.  Also add messages about them being
  unmapped on shutdown.
* On some Windows platforms, a failure to delete a rolled log file was not
  being reported correctly.  The system function to delete a file was
  returning success even if it had failed.  We now double check.
* Fix a deadlock in the code that is used to send data to the Java process.
  It was only possible if debug level output was enabled and log file rolling
  was enabled.  Introduced in 3.3.7.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was not notifying the JVM whenever the log
  file was rolled and the new name was the same as the previous one, as it is
  when wrapper.logfile.rollmode is anything other than NONE or DATE.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperManager.getWrapperLogFile() was not returning
  the accurate log file name until the first time the log file was rolled after
  each JVM invocation.  This was only noticeable if the wrapper.logfile
  contained either the "ROLLNUM" or "YYYYMMDD" tokens.
* Correct an error message that was displayed on UNIX platforms when the
  configured java binary could not be accessed.  The message referenced a
  buffer whose contents were undefined on some platforms.
* Fix a problem on z/OS where due a difference in the API used to lock a
  mutex compared to all other UNIX platforms, the mutex's locking and
  unlocking code were effectively being ignored.  This means that multiple
  threads were able to access code which was not thread safe and could lead to
  a crash of the Wrapper.   This is a problem that has been in the code since
  the first z/OS release and is not known to have actually caused any problems.
  Starting with 3.5.1, this was only an issue if debug output was enabled.
  Versions 3.3.9 through 3.5.0 could have also had problems whenever the
  Wrapper received a system signal.

3.5.5
* Add new wrapper.filter.trigger.<n> action, "SUCCESS".  If this gets triggered
  then the Wrapper will treat the current JVM invocation as a success, and
  reset its internal failed invocation counter.  This is useful for
  applications that need to be restarted frequently.
* (Standard, Professional) Ignore Juniper Network Connect hostIds as they
  change on each reboot and are thus unreliable as hostIds.
* Added a PASS_THROUGH setting to the UNIX shell script and Windows
  AppCommand.bat.in files which tells them to pass any extra arguments directly
  on to the JVM when it is launched.
* Added a FIXED_COMMAND setting to the UNIX shell script and Windows
  AppCommand.bat.in files to make it possible to run either without specifying
  a command.  Mainly useful in conjunction with PASS_THROUGH.
* (Standard, Professional) Added a --passthrough option to the exe
  customization, in order to tell the wrapper to precede the whole command line
  through to the application in the JVM.
* (Standard, Professional) Added a --conf option to change the default conf
  file, the wrapper tries opening when no conf file was explicitly specified.
* Added wrapper.ntservice.account.prompt.  If set to TRUE the wrapper will
  prompt for all account details (domain, account name, password).
* Fix a minor issue in #include file declarations where a leading space was not
  required.
* Add a new #include.required directive which works the same as the #include
  directive except that it will output an error and prevent the loading of the
  configuration if the included file does not exist.   Normally include files
  are optional by design.
* Modify the error messages displayed when configuration files fail to load so
  they now provide more information about where specifically the problem was.
* Disabled the forced reloading of the SYSTEM (and if set to a specific
  account, the user) registry before launching the Wrapper as a service on
  Windows.  This was done originally in Windows NT because changes to the
  configured environment were not being reflected when running a service unless
  the system was first rebooted.  Microsoft appears to have solved this problem
  in Windows XP and 2003.  In Windows 7 and 2008, this was actually causing a
  problem because the SYSTEM registry contains a setting "USERNAME=SYSTEM" by
  default that was overwriting the USERNAME when run as specific user.  It was
  decided to disable this registry loading for Windows versions starting with
  XP and 2003.  Of the supported versions, only 2000 is now reloading its
  environment.  The only difference from version 3.5.4 and earlier that could
  be found is that when running as the SYSTEM user on Windows 7 or 2008, the
  USERNAME environment variable will now be set to the host name followed by a
  dollar sign rather than SYSTEM.   This is actually how all other services
  work.  But just in case this is a problem, it can we resolved by adding a
  "set.USERNAME=SYSTEM" property into the Wrapper configuration file.
  Bug #3061490.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem for Solaris and HP-UX where the socket
  timeout properties for the email notifications were ignored.
* (Standard, Professional) Added wrapper.ntservice.recovery.<x> properties to 
  define system level actions in the event that the Wrapper process itself
  has a failure.
* (Standard, Professional) Fixed a problem in the WrapperProcess.waitFor() and
  WrapperProcess.exitValue() call, where it would fail to return when called
  after the Wrapper had initiated the shutdown of the JVM.
* (Standard, Professional) Add WrapperProcessConfig.setSoftShutdownTimeout(int)
  method to tell the Wrapper how long to wait after nicely asking the child
  process to shutdown cleanly when calling WrapperProcess.destroy().  Once the
  timeout has ellapsed, the child process will be forcibly terminated.  This
  timeout had been hard coded to 5 seconds in earlier versions.
* Add more detailed usage output to the UNIX shell script.
* Make it possible to 'pause' and 'resume' the JVM from the UNIX shell and
  Windows batch scripts.
* (Professional) Fix a minor memory memory leak while initializing timers.
* Fix a memory leak which could happen if there were any invalid strings in
  localization resources.
* (Professional) Fix a bug where the wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.argv.<n>
  properties were not correctly parsed on Windows. This issue was introduced
  in version 3.5.0.
* (Professional) Add the ability to define wrapper.event.default.command.argv.<n>
  properties that will be used if the event specific specific commands are not
  defined.  Mainly useful for testing.
* Fix a problem occuring when the wrapper failed to roll the log file causing 
  to write to the wrapper's default log (wrapper.log) file rather than
  continuing to write to the current logfile.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a put problem in the internal hash map
  implemenation used for localization where values could be lost.  This was
  not a visible issue because of the data used.
* Add new wrapper.filter.allow_wildcards.<n> property and make it possible to
  specify wrapper.filter.trigger.<n> patterns which contain '*' and '?'
  wildcards.
* Add a commented alternative in the default OutOfMemoryError filter
  configuration to make it more specific to only trigger on uncaught exception
  stack traces.  This is to avoid output like that from the
  -XX:+PrintClassHistogram JVM argument from causing the JVM to restart with a
  false out of memory warning.  See the wrapper.filter.trigger.<n>
  OutOfMemoryError example for more details.
* Localize the default filter message.
* Added ISO-8859-* encoding support and a few other encodings.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem on UNIX versions, parsing dates in
  license keys that was introduced in version 3.5.0.  Windows verisons did not
  have this problem.  All license upgrade terms and lease terms which contained
  "08" or "09" as either a month or day were being parsed incorrectly.  This
  was leading the Wrapper to interpret those date components as "00".  If the
  number was the date, then this would cause the date to be set to the last day
  of the previous month.  If it was the month however, it would cause the date
  to be set to December of the previous year.  For example "2010-08-20" was
  being interpreted as "2009-12-20", and "2010-10-08" was being interpreted as
  "2009-09-30".  This would have prevented some licenses from being able to
  start because the upgrade terms were in effect prior to the Wrapper's release
  date.  Some trial licenses could also have stopped early because their lease
  term end was earlier that it should may have been.  For normal licenses, his
  will have no effect on installations once they are up and running because
  they do not use the lease term.
* Fix a problem on Windows when a service received several service control
  codes in rapid succession.  Since version 3.5.1, the Wrapper was only to
  process a single control code in each cycle of its main loop.  This was
  resulting in messages like "Previous control code (4) was still in queue,
  overwriting with (4)." in the logs.  The Wrapper can now handle up to 25
  control codes per 10ms cycle.
* Fix a problem where it was not possible to send passthrough arguments to the
  JVM when installing or updating a Windows Service.  Passthrough using the
  "--" argument was added in 3.5.2.
* Add a new wrapper.pause_on_startup property which makes it possible to tell
  the Wrapper to go directly into a paused state without ever launching a JVM.
* Fix a problem where the STOP command set in a command file was being ignored
  if the Wrapper was currently in a paused state.
* Make it possible to specify DEFAULT for the configuration file encoding.
  This will cause the file to be loaded using the default system encoding.  We
  added this by request, but recommend using a portable encoding like UTF-8 to
  ensure that the configuration file will load correctly on all systems.
* Added a WRAPPER_LANG environment variable which makes it possible to reference
  the current locale language code in the configuration file.   One common use
  is to do localization using inclues.
  (e.g. #include ../conf/wrapper-%WRAPPER_LANG%.conf)

3.5.4
* Add optional support for custom public static methods in the
  WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp helper classes.  Feature Request
  #2812276.
* Add a new special configuration file directive "#properties.debug" which
  enables debug output about the properties as they are loaded by the
  configuration file.  This can be useful to tell if and why certain properties
  are being overwritten.  Feature Request #3042959.
* Fix a minor problem where the "#include.debug" configuration file directive
  was sticky so it would be enabled when the configuration file was reloaded
  even if the reloaded configuration file no longer had the directive set.
  This was only an issue if the wrapper.restart.reload_configuration property
  was set.
* Messages about missing included configuration files that were output when the
  #include.debug" configuration file directive was active were being logged at
  the ERROR level even though they were not problems.
* Fix a minor problem where the WRAPPER_JAVA_HOME environment variable was not
  correctly being set to final when it was set internally by Wrapper.  This
  could lead to unexected results if the user overwrote it later in their
  configuration file.
* Fix a problem on AIX and z/OS, when running the Wrapper without any
  arguments.  The Wrapper was attempting to use the default wrapper.conf file
  but the check for the file was failing causing the Wrapper to continue even
  though the file did not exist.  This caused a confusing error message to be
  displayed, but was otherwise harmless.
* Clean up some debug code associated with sleeping where log output was being
  queued when it did not need to be.
* (Standard, Professional) Consolidate some redundant code associated with
  waiting for interfaces on startup.
* (Professional) Fix a problem in the email feature of the Wrapper where a
  subject of more than 27 bytes in length when encoded as UTF-8.  This was
  caused by a miscalculation in the Base64 conversion of the subject.
* (Professional) Fix a problem when the WrapperManager.exec method which takes
  an array of command elements was called on Windows.  The command elements
  need to be combined into a single command line, but if any of the elements
  contained spaces, the resulting command line was not being correctly quoted.
* Add a new wrapper.java.command.resolve property to control whether or not the
  Wrapper tries to resolve any symbolic links in the Java command, specified
  with the wrapper.java.command property.  Historically, it has always done so,
  but some jvm started applications like run-java-tool on Gentoo will fail if
  it is run directly as they have a check to make sure it is launched via a
  symbolic link.
* Fix a problem on Windows versions where a path to the Wrapper binary,
  including the Wrapper binary itself, which was more than 100 characters would
  cause a buffer overflow when installing the service.  A second similar
  problem would happen if the same path was more than 128 characters, whenever
  the Wrapper was launched.   These were both very old issues and only happened
  on 32-bit versions of Windows XP and 2000.  Microsoft documentation says that
  the issue should also exist on the 64-bit versions, but we were unable to
  reproduce it there.  Newer versions of Windows are all fine.

3.5.3
* Fix a typo in the UNIX shell scripts that was causing "command not found"
  errors to be shown when running the Community Edition.
* Add new wrapper.console.fatal_to_stderr, wrapper.console.error_to_stderr,
  and wrapper.console.warn_to_stderr properties to control whether the output
  at the FATAL, ERROR, and WARN log levels go to stdout or stderr.  In the past
  they all went to stdout.  With this change, FATAL and ERROR log levels now
  default to stderr output.
* Fix a problem where the shell script would produce unexpected results if the
  Standard or Professional Edition shell scripts were used with the Community
  Edition Wrapper.  Fix was in Wrapper binary by changing the default ERROR and
  FATAL log level console output to stderr rather than stdout.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where script error message output was
  not being shown if the wrapper.conf file specified in the script did not
  exist.
* Fix a problem where errors from failed forks on Windows were always being
  flushed immediately rather than honoring the value of the
  wrapper.console.flush property.
* Fix a problem on Windows 2000 systems where a new feature added in 3.5.2 was
  preventing the Wrapper from running because the API used was too new.
* Change the font of the wrapperw dialog in order to have prettier output of
  multibyte characters.
* Add a line feed after the first message when starting the Wrapper from the
  UNIX script.
* Add a note in the debug output so the configured java temporary directory is
  always logged to help with debugging.
* Add a workaround for a bug in both Sun and IBM JVMs which cause an invalid
  exception to be thrown when a socket is already bound.  It had been causing
  the Wrapper to report: "Unexpected exception opening backend socket:
  java.net.SocketException: Unrecognized Windows Sockets error: 0: JVM_Bind":
  http://bugs.sun.com/view_bug.do?bug_id=6965962
* Add the encoding of the subjects in the event mails to be always UTF-8
  Base-64 encoded.
* Add new wrapper.event.<x>.email.smtp.auth.type,
  wrapper.event.<x>.email.smtp.auth.userid, and
  wrapper.event.<x>.email.smtp.auth.password properties which make it possible
  to do LOGIN and PLAIN connection authorizations.  Currently SSL (STARTTLS)
  connections to the mail are server are not yet supported.
* Fix a buffer overflow while loading the configuration file on Mac OSX
  versions.  Introduced in 3.5.0.
* Fix a several memory leaks on UNIX versions that were added in 3.5.0, as well
  as a few others on all platforms, some from quite early versions.
* Fix some places where a resolved path of exactly MAX_PATH characters in
  length could have resulted in a buffer overflow.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a memory leak disposing language packs.
* Go through and increase the consistency of text strings.
* Fix a problem on HP-UX where the Wrapper was logging a warning that the
  configured JVM was invalid if it was a PA-RISC 2.0 binary.  Bug #3037317.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperManager was failing to trap and hide errors
  initializing the MBean server on some JVMs that did not support it.

3.5.2
* Added new command line argument "--" . All arguments following will be
  preceded and passed to the java application. The arguments are attached after
  the arguments used in wrapper.app.parameter.<n>
* Fixed a problem in the shell script which could lead to report failed starts
  of a daemon incorrectly on the command line.
* Implemented some small logic in the wrapper script which tries to change the
  permissions of the wrapper binary to executable if it wasn't set.
* The Demo Application had problems locating the right conf file on Unix
  platforms and failed to launch the internal demonstration wrapper process.
* Improved the error message logged if the Windows version of the Wrapper exits
  with an internal error.  It now logs more information about the internal
  state of the Wrapper as well as saving a mini dump file which can be sent to
  support to make it easier to diagnose the cause of the problem.
* Fix a problem where the names and displayNames in WrapperWin32Service
  instances were corrupted.  List affected the WrapperManager.listServices()
  and WrapperManager.sendServiceControlCode() methods.  There was a similar
  problem with the WrapperManger.getUser(), WrapperManager.getInteractiveUser()
  and WrapperManager.setConsoleTitle() methods.  Introduced in 3.5.0.
* Fix a problem on Windows where wildcards would sometimes fail to be resolved
  or cause the Wrapper to crash.  This affected the generation of classpaths
  and logfile rolling.  Introduced in 3.5.0.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where some error messages related to a failed
  fork to launch the JVM were not being logged correctly.  Introduced in 3.5.0.
* Fix a problem where invalid characters in configuration files that did not
  declare an encoding could cause the Wrapper to crash on startup.  This could
  be issue for users upgrading from versions prior to 3.5.0 as older versions
  did not do any character set translations and would not have had a problem.
* Fix a problem in code to check whether a drive was a mapped network drive or
  not was failing.  This would sometimes lead to a false warning that the drive
  could not be identified.  Introduced in 3.5.0.

3.5.1
* Start using a system function to determine whether or not a character in the
  configuration file is a control character or not.  This way it works on
  non-ASCII platforms.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a crash on Windows platforms caused by freeing
  up unallocated memory while loading the Wrapper's configuration.
* Add debug output describing the system and current code pages on Windows
  versions to help understand encoding and mojibake issues.
* Add a Japanese localized src/conf/wrapper.conf.in_ja template configuration
  file to assist Japanese users.
* Fix an potential deadlock on UNIX platforms if the JVM exits while logging
  is taking place and the wrapper.debug or undocumented wrapper.state_output
  properties were set to TRUE.
* Fix a problem where a failed JVM invocation that happened immediately after
  being launched would cause the Wrapper to immediately give up and shutdown.
  This should not have been possible with normal JVM configurations, but was
  turned up in testing.
* Fix a problem where some startup output of the tick timer debug output was
  corrupted.  This was only an issue if the wrapper.tick_output property was
  set.
* (Standard, Professional) Rework the way text is localized so that mallocs
  are all handled on initialization.  3.5.0 had problems with occassional
  freezes and crashes caused by mallocs being made within signal handlers.
  The problems were rare unless debug output was enabled.
* Greatly simplify signal handlers on all platforms so they now do as little
  as possible, actions are now queued and then processed by the main thread.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where the hostname in the 
  wrapper.syslog.remote.host couldn't resolve a hostname (IP Address was
  working).
* (Standard, Professional) Add debug output on Windows versions to help debug
  localization and code page issues.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a localization problem on Windows where the
  Wrapper was using the system-wide language rather than that of the current
  process.  This was resulting in mojibake if the Wrapper was launched in a
  new console if that new console did not support the required code page.
  This was only an issue if the user had changed the active code page from the
  default for their Windows desktop.
* Fix a problem on Windows platforms where the JVM child output was being
  logged with an extra line feed in some cases.
* Fix a problem running the DemoApp from some Network shares on Windows.
* Add a new WrapperManager.isWindows() and WrapperManager.isMacOSX() methods to
  make it easy to write such conditional code as both platforms can require non
  standard code.
* (Standard, Professional) Make the GetHostId.bat file more robust so it can be
  executed using a relative reference from the command line.  It also now
  supports Delta-pack style Wrapper binary naming and falling back to use which
  binaries are available.
* Change the timing of when the wrapper.working.dir is set so that any error
  messages generated while loading the configuration will be logged to the
  correct log file.  It is also needed for Standard and Professional Editions
  to ensure that the language pack is loaded from the correct location so that
  all such messages will be in the correct locale.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where the status command was failing with an
  error due to the localization feature added in 3.5.0.

3.5.0
* (Standard) Added the ability to detect and react to thread dead locks in
  the JVM.  Requires at Java 1.5.  Added wrapper.check.deadlock,
  wrapper.check.deadlock.interval, wrapper.check.deadlock.action, and
  wrapper.check.deadlock.output properties to configure the detection.
* (Professional) Add a new jvm_deadlock event which is fired in response to
  a thread deadlock being detected within the JVM.
* Fix a problem where the intervals like wrapper.ping.interval were all
  rounding down causing them to function at a rate one second shorter than
  configured.
* Fix a minor memory leak calling WrapperManager.exec.
* Add a new wrapper.filter.message.<n> property which can be used to control
  the message which is logged when a wrapper.filter.trigger.<n> is matched.
* Rework the way actions are fired for the wrapper.filter.<n>.action and
  wrapper.timer.<n>.action properties so there is no longer any duplicate
  code.
* Modify the way the wrapper.filter.<n>.action and wrapper.timer.<n>.action
  properties work so it is now possible to specify a list of actions which will
  happen in the order specified.  This makes it possible to do a thread dump
  and then restart in response to an error.
* Add the DEBUG action to the wrapper.filter.<n>.action property for
  consistency.
* (Professional) Implement the ability to fire user defined events as actions
  of the wrapper.filter.<n>.action, wrapper.timer.<n>.action, and
  wrapper.check.deadlock.action properties.
* Fix a problem in the WrapperProcess.destroy() function, when a child process
  couldn't have been forcibly killed.
* Add GetHosdID.bat file for Windows platforms. This file will open a dialog 
  displaying the HostId of the machine.
* Fix a problem in the shell script which, on a rc based OS, could lead to
  problems starting the Wrapper when the APP_NAME in the script contained
  capital letters.
* (Standard, Professional) Added a set of wrapper.share.<n>.* properties which
  makes it possible to configure the Wrapper to map specific network resources
  before launching the JVM on Windows.
* Corrected the way the Wrapper is installing itself as a Windows service when
  the binary and/or conf file are located on a Mapped Drive.
* Add new wrapper.pausable and wrapper.pausable.stop_jvm properties to control
  whether the JVM can be paused or not, and deprecate the use of the Windows
  specific wrapper.ntservice.pausable and wrapper.ntservice.pausable.stop_jvm
  properties.
* Modified the wrapper.commandfile property so PAUSE and RESUME commands are
  now supported on all platforms at any time.
* Modified the wrapper.filter.action.<n> property so PAUSE, RESUME, and DEBUG
  actions are now supported.
* (Professional) Modified the wrapper.timer.<n>.action property so PAUSE and
  RESUME actions are now supported.
* (Professional) Modified the wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.block.action
  property so PAUSE and RESUME actions are now supported.
* Added new WrapperServicePauseEvent and WrapperServiceResumeEvent classes to
  make it possible to notify an application that it has been paused or resumed.
  To date, this was only possible when the Windows service was paused or
  resumed
* (Professional) Add new "wrapper_pause" and "wrapper_resume" event types that
  are fired whenever the Wrapper is paused or resumed.
* Enhance the command line parsing for the WrapperManager.exec() command. The
  single commandLine version of the exec call will handle quotes more
  sophisticated.
* Modified the wrapper.syslog.ident property so its value is now silently
  trimmed to 32 characters in length.  This is needed to avoid problems with
  syslog servers.  (See RFC 3164 section 4.1.3)
* (Standard, Professional) Add new wrapper.syslog.remote.host,
  wrapper.syslog.remote.port, and wrapper.syslog.local.host properties which
  can be used to redirect all syslog (UNIX) or Event Log (Windows) output to
  a remote syslog server.
* Add support for the wrapper.syslog.facility property on Windows so remote
  syslog entries can be sent from Windows versions of the Wrapper.
* Add debug output from the WrapperManager class which shows information about
  the current wrapper.jar, including its size, location, and MD5 hash.
* Add a check for wrapper.java.classpath.<n> entries containing quotes.  The
  quotes are now stripped and a debug warning logged.
* (Standard, Professional) Increase the size of the wrapperw.exe error dialog
  so it is a little easier to read.  Also changed the font for the same reason.
* (Standard, Professional) Modify the title of the wrapperw.exe error dialog
  so it now includes the value of the wrapper.displayname property.
* Add a new check for the writability of the configured Java temporary
  directory.  When running on Vista, it will not be writable and can lead to
  errors.
* Added new wrapper.java.tmpdir.required and wrapper.java.tmpdir.warn_silently
  properties to control whether the temporary directory is required.
* Add a note in Wrapper conf template showing users how to configure a specific
  Java version to use.
* Add a new CLOSE_SOCKET command to the wrapper.commandfile property and added
  a new wrapper.commandfile.enable_tests property to control whether it can be
  used.
* Fix a debug warning while shutting down caused by one thread closing the
  backend socket when another expected it to be open.
* If the backend socket between the JVM and Wrapper is somehow closed, make the
  JVM respond promptly by restarting the JVM immediately to resync with the
  Wrapper.  Added log information to make it clear when this happens.
* Add a new wrapper.use_tick_mutex property to control whether or not the
  internal tick timer is protected by a mutex. (Experimental)
* (Standard, Professional) Add support for zLinux 32 and 64-bit on s390 and
  s390x systems.
* Change the internal encoding of the wrapper from native characters to
  UNICODE.  This will allow the wrapper to handle correctly any characters in
  its configuration file and internally.
* (Standard, Professional) Implement a new WrapperResources class which makes
  it possible for user applications to localize their applications using the
  same methods common to native applications.  The Wrapper uses this internally
  to provide localized versions of the Wrapper.
* Remove the old org.tanukisoftware.wrapper.resources package as it is no
  longer being used.
* (Standard, Professional) Add Japanese language pack to localize the Wrapper
  to Japanese.
* Fix a problem in the WrapperManager class where unexpected exceptions thrown
  in the main socket loop were being thrown away without being logged.
* Make the Wrapper more robust against failures removing the Wrapper's shutdown
  hook on shutdown.  It had been causing the clean shutdown of the JVM to fail
  as an unexpected exit.
* Fixed a problem in the wrapper customize code where customized multi layer
  icons may get scaled incorrectly by Windows.  Bug #3015848
* Modify the wrapper.on_exit.<n> property so it is now possible to PAUSE the
  Wrapper when a JVM exits.  This delays the restart of the JVM until the
  Wrapper is resumed.
* Add a new log format, 'U', which logs the approximate time in seconds since
  the Wrapper was launched.  It is based on the internal tick timer and will
  be a few percent lower than the actual number of seconds that have elapsed.
  Added to the wrapper.console.format, wrapper.logfile.format, and
  wrapper.logdialog.format properties.
* Fix a problem where deleting the configured anchor file was not recognized
  if the JVM was not running at the time.  The Wrapper was not noticing that
  it was missing until the next JVM was launched.
* (Standard, Professional) Add a new NOTICE log level which is used to log
  license related message.  These will only show up trial license log output.
* (Standard, Professional) Add a new default 15 minute trial license which
  can be used out of the box on any machine without the need to register and
  obtain a trial license or purchase a license.
* Add a new wrapper.environment.dump property which will dump all of the
  environment variables to the log, along with where the variables originated.
* Force the Wrapper to flush all logfile output for each line until the
  configuration file has been loaded.  There is normally no output up to this
  point anyway, but this ensures that any errors are logged in a consistent
  location.
* Move the registration of the main thread with the logging system up a bit
  to make it possible to perform low level debug logging earlier.
* Add a set of checks to display an error and prevent the Wrapper from starting
  if the batch or shell scripts being used are based on the TestWrapper demo
  application.  It is important that the user start with the default template
  files in the distribution src/bin and src/conf directories to make sure the
  integration goes smoothly.

3.4.1
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.app.parameter.1 property was always being
  set to an empty string when launched from launchd on Mac OSX.  It worked
  correctly with the testwrapper application, but would fail for most user
  applications.
* (Professional) Fix a potential synchronization problem in the log output
  of the tick timer, event command and event email code.  This had been in
  the code since 3.3.0 without any reports of problems.
* Improve the error message displayed when the configured wrapper.java.command
  can not be found on the path.
* Log the name of the signal in the logs when a SIGSEGV is detected from the
  JVM.   It had been logged as Unknown.
* Add some comments to the wrapper.conf.in template to help users get started
  with a new license key file.
* Add some default properties to the wrapper.conf.in template file to make
  it easier to get up and running with out of memory checks, as well as
  sending out alert emails.
* Add a small debug message when running wrapperw.exe so it is clear which
  wrapper binary is being used.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.logfile.maxfiles was not being applied on
  startup when the current log file did not yet exist.  This was true for any
  wrapper.logfile value which contained a unique value like a PID.
* (Professional) Fix a problem in the WrapperProcess.destroy() function, where
  the function was failing to forcibly kill the child process.
* (Standard, Professional) Add a new GetHostID.bat file for Windows platforms.
  This file will open a dialog displaying the HostId of the machine to help
  new users get up and running.
* Add a new WrapperManager.appearOrphan() method which can be used to test
  how the WrapperManager shuts down the JVM in the event that the Wrapper
  process ever crashes or freezes.  This was not due to any particular problem
  and was added to fill out our test coverage.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where event commands were being left in a
  defunct state after execution on UNIX platforms.
* Fix a potential problem on 64-bit versions where the internal tick timer was
  not rolling over in the same way as the 32-bit versions.  This has been in all
  previous versions but is not known to have caused any problems.  It was fixed
  for consistency.
* Modify the WrapperManager class so it will now request a JVM hard exit only
  after 4-times the ping timeout, in seconds, since the last contact with the
  JVM.  This had been 90 seconds more than the ping timeout, which was not
  always long enough when the wrapper.ping.timeout was very large.
* Shift the initial start point of the tick counter so it will roll over 50
  seconds after startup.  This shouldn't be noticeable to the user, but makes
  sure that this roll over is much better tested as it always happens the first
  time on startup.
* Add a new wrapper.java.classpath.use_environment property which makes it
  possible to set the classpath using the CLASSPATH environment variable rather
  than including it on the Java command line.
* Fix a problem where requests to shutdown the Wrapper when in the state where
  it was just about to launch a JVM would being ignored.  This was fixed in all
  editions, but was only an issue in the Professional Edition when the
  wrapper.event.jvm_prelaunch.command.on_exit.<n>=SHUTDOWN property was being
  used with the wrapper.event.jvm_prelaunch.command.block=TRUE property and the
  command exited with a code that triggered the SHUTDOWN.
* (Professional) Add a new wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.block.action
  property to control how the Wrapper behaves when a command does not complete
  execution within the configured timeout.  Accepted values are CONTINUE, KILL,
  KILL_SHUTDOWN and KILL_RESTART.  Default value is CONTINUE.
* (Professional) Made it possible to use the "default" event type with the
  wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.loglevel,
  wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.block,
  wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.block.timeout,
  wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.on_exit.<n>, and
  wrapper.event.<event_type>.command.on_exit.default properties.
* Fixed a single byte buffer overflow which takes place just before the JVM is
  launched on Windows platforms.  This was introduced in 3.4.0.
* Add a message pointing the user to the Wrapper's log file when the service
  fails to start after it has been launched.
* Update the debug message displayed when attempting to open the backend socket
  if the port is unavailable so it doesn't seem like a problem.  It will retry
  with another port.
* Work around an issue on some Solaris problems where the shell script would fail
  if /usr/ucb/ps wasn't installed.
* Fix a problem on UNIX versions where the Wrapper would fail to resolve the
  correct location of java if it was located using the system PATH, and that PATH
  element pointed to a binary via a relative symbolic link.  This was introduced
  in 3.4.0.

3.4.0
* Increased the minimum supported Java version from 1.2 to 1.4.
* Removed the reflection code used to manage the Wrapper's shutdown hook.
  The Runtime methods are now called normally.
* Add a note in the TestWrapper shell script to make it clear that the user
  should always use the scripts in the WRAPPER_HOME/src/bin/ directory when
  generating scripts for their own applications.  This became more of an
  issue because of changes to the TestWrapper script starting with 3.3.8.
  Bug #2902843.
* (Professional) Added new WrapperManager.exec methods and a new
  WrapperProcess class to allow the launching and management of child
  processes through the Wrapper rather than using the standard Runtime
  class.  This makes it possible to clean up child processes when the
  JVM crashes or is restarted, as well as solves severe memory issues with
  the way processes are forked on some UNIX platforms.
* (Professional) Added a new wrapper.child.status.loglevel property to make
  it easier to debug the status of child processes.
* (Professional) Added a new wrapper.child.count.interval property to control
  the interval at which the number of waiting child processes is logged after
  a JVM is shutdown.
* (Professional) Added a new wrapper.jvm_cleanup.timeout property to control
  the amount of time that managed child processes still running after the JVM
  has exited are given to shutdown before being forcibly killed.
* Fix a problem with WrapperManager.getUser() and getInteractiveUser() methods
  which was preventing us from using the latest compiler on 32-bit Windows.
  (The compiler used to build 32-bit Windows versions was rolled back to the
  version used through the 3.3.5 release in 3.3.9 to work around the problem
  that was causing these methods to always return null.)  The change in this
  version should not affect how the Wrapper functions.
* The old compiler used in 3.3.9 for Windows 32-bit builds was causing a false
  hit on Symantec security software.  The new compiler causes the Wrapper to
  once again pass without any warnings.
* Added a warning while starting up the JVM which will be displayed if the
  Java command in wrapper.java.command does not point to a valid java binary 
  file.
* [Changed the scripts and batch files to try to load the wrapper executable
  according to the system, i.e. on 64-bit systems the 64bit binary of the 
  wrapper is attempted to be executed first and after this fails the 32 bit 
  gets attempted to be loaded. This behaviour is primaly useful with the 
  delta-pack of the wrapper.]
* Add some debug output logging the current timezone to assist supporting
  time related problems.
* (Standard, Professional) Added a new wrapper.license.debug property which
  will log information about the license key(s) being tested on startup.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where license validation was
  failing at certain times of the day for servers with timezones east of
  Japan.  Development license keys which have their update times obfuscated
  were not affected.  This was a problem introduced in 3.3.7.
* Fixed a bug in the wrapper shell script which occured when running the script
  on a Solaris within a non singlebyte locale. Bug #2910327
* Fixed a potential bug in the wrapper script where requesting a Thread Dump,
  the shell is sending the wrapper console to the background and returning 
  with a prompt.
* Fix a problem where Java log output would sometimes get extra line feeds
  when under heavy load.
* Fix a problem which was leading to a resource not found error when trying
  to start a service, if it was installed on a Mapped Network Drive under 
  Windows.
* Added some advice messages recommending the use of UNC paths if a resource
  located on a Mapped Network Drive is used in the configuration file on
  Windows versions.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a bug in the wrapper binary customization,
  which occured when the source binary file was set to read only. 
* Fixed a null string problem in the error message if a classpath value 
  wasn't found.
* (Professional) Added the option to include a logfile into the wrapper's 
  EmailNotification mails via wrapper.event.default.attach_log=TRUE
* Improve the message displayed when a user calls
  WrapperManager.requestThreadDump() in JVM which does not have console
  window on Windows.  This should never be an issue when run with the Wrapper,
  but can happen if running standalone without the wrapper binary.
* Update the Windows batch scripts so they now take AMD64 and IA64
  architectures into account when deciding which version of the Wrapper to
  run when using the delta pack.
* Update the UNIX shell script so it now does a much better job of resolving
  the ideal platform bits to run the correct version of the Wrapper when using
  the delta pack.  Thanks to Leo Leung for the patch.
* Add install and remove commands to the UNIX shell script so it is now much
  easier to install and remove the Wrapper on many UNIX plattforms to start
  and stop on system startup and shutdown.  Thanks to Leo Leung for the patch.
* Update the Windows batch scripts so it is now easier to change the location
  of the Wrapper configuration file or rename the Wrapper binary when using
  the scripts.
* Added a new QueryApp-NT.bat.in template script which can be used to query
  the current running status of the service on Windows.
* (Standard, Professional) Add a new "-u" or "--update" command to the Wrapper
  which allows you to effectively reinstall the Wrapper as a service without
  having to provide the account credentials if the service is running as a
  specific user.  This is very useful for installers upgrading an application
  to a new version.
* Add a new "update" command to the Windows AppCommand.bat.in batch script.
* Go through and clean up the messages displayed when controlling the Wrapper
  as a service so the messages are consistent and more meaningful to the user.
* Add wrapper.wait_for_hostid and wrapper.max_hostid_timeout property. 
  This properties set if and how long the wrapper shall wait when starting up 
  until the hostid is available.  This is important to make sure that server
  licenses are validated correctly on UNIX platforms as the OS is booting up.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where environment variables referenced in
  property values were not being expanded correctly the first time they were
  referenced if the property's value was a default value.  The underlying fix
  was in all editions, but this was only causing a problem in the Professional
  Edition where the WRAPPER_HOSTNAME variable was not being expanded in the
  subject and body of emails sent out for the "wrapper_start" event if the
  defaults were used.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where backslashes in the body of emails,
  configured with the wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.body property, were
  not being handled correctly when displaying things like paths from
  environment variable references.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where the Wrapper was displaying an error
  about not being able to locate the configuration file when the Wrapper was
  run without any arguments.
* (Standard, Professional) Improve the message shown when a License Key is not
  found.
* Add a new message to the Community Edition when the user requests a HostId.
* Add WAIT_FOR_STARTED_STATUS and WAIT_FOR_STARTED_TIMEOUT to the script. This
  lets the script wait (up to timeout sec.) when starting a daemonized process
  until the process has been started.
  Thanks to Dobes V. (Feature Requests 2917391)
* Improve the error message displayed when the user tries to run the Wrapper
  with the internal -s or --service commands.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperSystemPropertyUtil.getBooleanValue() method
  was not correctly returning the specified default value when the looked up
  property was missing.  Also added a new getStringValue() method.
* Improve the error message displayed when the user tries to install and remove
  the wrapper as Service on Windows Versions after Windows Vista.
* Add an advice message when MacOSX applications launched with launchd
  encounter a "Returning nil _server" error when displaying a GUI.

3.3.9
* Modify the way JNI functions are called from within the native library so
  they work correctly on platforms which are not ASCII based.
* (Professional) Add support for IBM z/OS 390 servers.  This is still an alpha
  release and will be made available on request.
* Improve the message displayed when a server license key is used on a
  different server.
* Add a minimum max file size of 1024 bytes to the wrapper.logfile.maxsize
  property to avoid the log file rotating too often if the user enters a
  very small value.
* Add a message that shows up in the console when the Wrapper fails to write
  to the configured log file.  As with previous versions, it will then fall
  back to writing to wrapper.log in the current working directory.
* On UNIX platforms, automatically set the wrapper.disable_console_input
  property when wrapper.daemonize is set.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.8 where relative configuration file includes
  were failing to resolve correctly when the wrapper.working.dir and
  wrapper.daemonize properties were used together.  The wrapper.daemonize
  property causes the configuration to be loaded twice on startup and the
  working directly was not being reset correctly before it was loaded the
  second time.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.8 where wildcard selection of files on
  Windows failed in some cases.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.8 where setting the wrapper.logfile.maxfiles
  property to 0 was causing all log files to be deleted rather than none when
  the ROLLNUM file pattern was used.
* Revert the way rolled log files are deleted when using the ROLLNUM file
  pattern to the functionality used in versions 3.3.7 and earlier.  Files such
  as wrapper.log.bak or other files manually created with the same log file
  base name were also being deleted with 3.3.8.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where the close window button in the
  title of the WrapperW log dialog was not correctly cancelling the dialog.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where the WrapperW log dialog would
  sometimes fail to show itself on top of other windows if the splashscreen
  had been displayed on startup.
* Fix a problem on 32-bit Windows versions where starting with he Wrapper,
  the WrapperManager.getUser() and getInteractiveUser() methods were always
  returning null.  This problem was introduced in version 3.3.6.
* (Professional) Fix a buffer overflow when sending alert emails to multiple
  addresses.  This would sometimes cause crashes in versions 3.3.7 and 3.3.8
  when sending alert emails to even a single recipient.  Because of the nature
  of the overflow, in most cases did not cause any problems.

3.3.8
* Add the new start type DELAY_START for NT Services, which startes the service 
  after other auto-start services are started plus a short delay.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper's PID file was not being set to the correct
  PID when the wrapper was launched daemonized.  With the shell scripts that
  ship with the Wrapper, this means that it would not be possible to stop the
  Wrapper using the script because the expected PID did not exist.  This was
  a problem introduced in 3.3.7.
* Changed the timing for the wrapper's splashscreen when the splash screen 
  mode was set to JVM_STARTING. Now the splashscreen will disappear when the 
  JVM has been initialized.
* Fix a problem where the splashscreen was being shown when starting a service
  or performing other command line operations.
* Remove some extra debug output on startup for Mac versions.
* Fix a crash in the Community Edition on PPC platforms of the Mac OSX version.
  This crash has been reproduced in all versions starting with 3.3.1.  The OSX
  distribution is a universal binary but does not appear to result in a crash
  on x86 servers.  Standard and Professional Editions were not affected.
* Fix a problem on Windows versions where problems accessing the registry were
  not reporting the correct error message.  This did not cause any problems in
  and of itself, but it made it difficult to track the down the cause.
* When wildcards are used in the classpath elements, the list of matching jar
  files included in the classpath are now sorted to ensure that their order
  is consistent across installations.  Normally it would not matter, but if
  certain classes or resources are redefined in multiple jars this will ensure
  that the application now always works the same.
* Fix a problem where wrapper.logfile.maxfiles was being ignored when
  wrapper.logfile.rollmode=JVM was set.
* Changed the way the wrapper.logfile.maxfiles property works with the ROLLNUM
  token.  Now when the log files are rolled, all files greater than maxfiles
  count will be deleted.  Previously, the Wrapper would roll within the maxfiles
  count and ignore extra files if they existed.  This would cause extra files to
  be left around if the maxfiles property value was decreased.
* Add new wrapper.logfile.purge.pattern and wrapper.logfile.purge.sort
  properties which make it possible to limit the number of log files in some
  advanced cases.  Be sure to read the documentation before playing with them.
* Fix a potential crash when referencing non-existent environment variables
  in the value of wrapper.logfile.
* Modify the way all properties used to define file names behave so that
  undefined environment variable references will now have their '%' characters
  replaced by '_'.  This is to avoid problems caused by file names containing
  '%' characters on some platforms.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.6 where the windows shown by the JVM or its
  child processes could not be displayed when running in iteractive mode.
* Rework the TestWrapper application a bit so it can now be run in headless
  mode for testing.
* Fix a problem on some UNIX platforms where the shell script was showing an
  extra '-n' when run with the "start" command.
* Fix a problem for FreeBSD which could cause the wrapper being unable to stop
  the wrapper daemon if the ps command buffer size (kern.ps_arg_cache_limit) 
  was too small to contain the wrapper command line.

3.3.7
* (Professional and Standard) Added the ability to customize the wrapper.exe
  and wrapperw.exe binaries on Windows with a user specified icon and splash
  screen.
* (Professional and Standard) Added a new wrapper.splashscreen.mode property
  to control how long the splashscreen is visible.
* Fix a problem on SELinux where a strict security policy could lead the
  Wrapper fail to load the libwrapper library.  Thanks to Jean for the hint.
* Fixed a problem in the obfuscated license date, which caused a license to
  be reported as invalid if run in a timezone west of Japan.  This feature
  was implemented in 3.3.6, but disabled on the site until the release of
  version 3.3.7.  Thanks to Leo for the hint.
* Added a new WRAPPER_PID environment variable. Feature Request #2870136.
* Added a new WrapperManager.getWrapperLogFile() method and
  WrapperLogFileChangedEvent class that can be used to receive notifications
  of changes to the Wrapper log file currently in use.
  Feature Request #2870133.
* (Profesional) Improved the wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.to property
  so it now supports the ability to specify multiple recipients.

3.3.6
* Introduce the wrapper.timezone property. This property allows to set the
  timezone in which the wrapper will be executed. This property is available 
  in the standard and the professional Edition of the Java Service Wrapper.
* Fix a potential problem on Windows platforms where a failure to register the
  control handler was not being logged.  If this happened, user logoffs would
  not be trapped correctly but no other problems would have occurred.
* Fixed a problem in the shell script on Solaris platforms where a deep
  directory structure would cause the script to incorrectly report that the
  Wrapper was not running.  That could lead to multiple zombie copies of the
  Wrapper and its application running in memory.
  Bug #1664303.
* Fixed a problem in the shell script on HP-UX platforms where a deep
  directory structure would cause the script to incorrectly report that the
  Wrapper was not running.  That could lead to multiple zombie copies of the
  Wrapper and its application running in memory.
  Bug #2812207.
* Improve the error message displayed when there are problems initializing the
  main class specified for the WrapperSimpleApp, WrapperStartStopApp, or
  WrapperJarApp helper classes.
* (Professional) Add new wrapper.event.<event_name>.loglevel and
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.message properties which can be used to output
  a customizable message like "Event: <event_name>" to the logs at an arbitrary
  log level.
* Add debug output in the Windows version to log the full path of the native
  library.
* Add a new wrapper.java.detect_debug_jvm property which will control whether
  or not the Wrapper disabled timeouts when java's debugger is in use.  The
  Wrapper has automatically disabled timeouts in this case since version 3.2.1.
  Thanks to Ruslan Gainutdinov for the patch.
* Fix a buffer overflow problem for values of wrapper.ntservice.name.
* Fix a problem with where the wrapper.syslog.ident property was not working
  as documented.  It had been necessary to use wrapper.ntservice.name in its
  place.
* Add a new wrapper.ignore_sequence_gaps property which makes it possible to
  have non sequential numbered property values.  This affects the
  wrapper.app.parameter.<n>, wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.argv.<n>,
  wrapper.filter.trigger.<n>, wrapper.java.additional.<n>,
  wrapper.java.classpath.<n>, wrapper.java.library.path.<n>,
  wrapper.ntservice.dependency.<n>, and wrapper.timer.<n>.interval, 
  properties.  The default value maintains past functionality.
  Feature Request #1930298.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the Event Handler Variables
  were not being set correctly in the values of the
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.command.argv.<n> properties.
* (Professional) Fix a potential access violation if memory allocations fail
  while sending event mails or executing event commands.
* Add a new WRAPPER_HOSTNAME default environment variable as an alias of the
  existing WRAPPER_HOST_NAME variable.
* (Professional) Deprecate the use of the wrapper.event.<event_name>.set_environment
  property.  It will remain in the product for compatibility but its use is
  discouraged as it does not always work correctly when the configuration
  file is reloaded.  See the property's documentation for more details.
* Add a new DUMP action to the wrapper.filter.action.<n> property to make it
  possible to invoke a thread dump in response to a specific string in the
  JVM's console output.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperManager.stopAndReturn method was dead locking
  if called when the JVM was being run in standalone mode without the Wrapper.
  Bug #2711872.
* (Standard, Professional) Modify the way the licensing times work so the
  Wrapper compares the License Upgrade Term to an official release date
  rather than the build date.  This makes it possible to release additional
  platforms at a later date while keeping the use of a license consistent.
* (Standard, Professional) Make it possible to obfuscate the upgrade term in
  License Key files for development licenses so it is not visible to an end
  user what the development license holder's upgrade term is.  This feature
  is accessed from the License Management Page when downloading a new or
  existing License Key file.


3.3.5
* Fix a problem on some UNIX platforms introduced in 3.3.4 where the Wrapper
  would crash on startup if the configured JVM could not be found.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.2 where the Wrapper could crash if the
  system host name was longer than 27 characters in length.
* Fix a potential problem with the way thread ids were being compared on UNIX
  systems.
* Add a new wrapper.java.additional.auto_bits property which will automatically
  add the -d32 or -d64 arguments to the JVM for platforms whose JVMs typically
  expect the argument.
* (Professional) Fix a problem with the Date field of outgoing event emails.

3.3.4
* (Standard, Professional) Update the development license to version 1.1
  so that a new copyright notice file can be shipped with user applications
  rather than the full license text.
* The Community Edition may be licensed under either the GPL2 based Community
  License, or the Development License.  The source for the Standard and
  Professional Editions of the Wrapper are proprietary.
  http://wrapper.tanukisoftware.org/doc/english/licenseOverview.html
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.3.2 where querying a the status of a Windows
  service with the -q or -qs commands resulted in an access violation.  The
  running status of the service was reported correctly but additional
  configuration information was failing.  Bug #2644515.
* Add a new wrapper.disable_restarts.automatic property to disable only
  restarts caused by JVM timeouts, crashes, etc.  Manual or configured
  restarts will still be allowed.
* Switch to using make for HPUX IA 32/64 builds.
* Add Advice comments when the Wrapper fails to launch the JVM process.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where log entries made by the forked Wrapper
  process would result in two blocks of log entries in the log file because
  the parent Wrapper process would think they were console output from the JVM
  process.
* Add a set of new wrapper environment variables that can be referenced in the
  wrapper.conf file to generate random numbers, or timestamps for use in
  generating unique file names, etc. See the Default Environment Variable
  definitions section for more details.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem with Development licenses being
  able to authorize applications using Integration Method #4 which was
  added in version 3.3.3.
* Add the number of bits of the current Wrapper to the startup banner to aid
  in support requests.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a crash problem on HPUX versions which would
  reliably happen on some machines at startup.

3.3.3
* Modify the wrapper.ignore_signals property so it now takes the values
  WRAPPER, JAVA, and BOTH, in addition to TRUE and FALSE.
* Modify the WrapperManager so it is now careful never to poll the native
  library once the JVM is flagged as being ready to shutdown.  This is to
  make sure that the JVM never exits in the middle of a call as that could
  lead to the JVM crashing.
* Add a pair of methods to allow threads to request and release locks which
  will prevent the Wrapper from letting the JVM exit while certain operations
  are in progress.  See WrapperManager.requestShutdownLock() and
  WrapperManager.releaseShutdownLock().
* Fix a problem where interactive services would sometimes leave a console
  window visible when after starting up.  The Wrapper is now more resilient
  about closing the window even if it fails to do so initially.
* Add a new integration method (#4), which makes it easy to configure the
  Wrapper to execute an executable jar file.
* Fix a problem where the random generator was not being seeded correctly
  before naming the Wrapper's console window when running as a Windows
  service.  This was leading to problems identifying the wrapper's console
  when more than one service was running on the same machine.

3.3.2
* Add a file information record to the wrapper.exe and wrapperw.exe binaries
  so the Version tab will be displayed correctly in the Properties dialog of
  the file.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem with the wrapperw.exe binary where
  the log dialog was not being displayed correctly when the Wrapper was
  launched with the "-?", "-v", or "-h" arguments.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem with the wrapperw.exe binary where
  a message was being displayed in the dialog with the location of the full
  log file even if there had not been any entries written to the log.
* (Professional) Improve the debug output produced when sending event emails
  when the wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.debug property enabled.
* (Professional) Add wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.send.timeout and
  wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.receive.timeout properties to avoid the
  wrapper hanging waiting for a response from a remote mail server.
  Bug #2064885.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the Wrapper would get stuck and fail to
  send emails with some mail servers.  Problems was being caused by incorrect
  linefeeds in the body of the email.
* Add a warning if the leading '#' is missing from an '#include' in the
  configuration file to assist users with include file problems.
* Added a new wrapper.ntservice.generate_console property which will cause
  the Wrapper to always generate a console when running as a service and
  then hide it immediately.  This will cause a slight flicker but is needed
  to support thread dumps.  Bug #2060181.
* Fix a problem in the Windows version where the console window would
  sometimes be left visible when running as an interactive service even when
  it was configured to be hidden.
* Add support for PowerEvents so Windows services can respond to suspend
  and resume events.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.key system property passed to the JVM was
  being generated incorrectly randomly, 1 in 2048 times the JVM was launched.
  This would result in the JVM failing to start and the Wrapper shutting down.
* Add a new wrapper.disable_console_input to disable to feature which allows
  the Wrapper to pass console input on to the Java process.
* Fix a buffer overflow problem in the logging code which would happen once on
  startup.  This was benign on most platforms but was causing intermittent
  crashes in the 32-bit AIX version.
* Modify the way configuration properties are parsed so that their names are
  no longer case sensitive.
* Modify the WrapperServiceException so that a new getErrorCode method can be
  used to obtain the integer error code which caused the exception.
  Feature Request #2188280.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem where on some Windows machines the
  Wrapper would return a random hostId that changed each time the system was
  rebooted.
* (Standard, Professional) Make it possible to define License Keys so that
  their property names are encoded using either the host name or hostId.  This
  makes it possible to define multiple keys within the same configuration file,
  visible on the same host.  This was necessary to support some load balanced
  network adapters where the visible hostId changes depending on the active
  physical network adapter.
* Rework the Java side state engine so it is now possible for the Java side of
  the Wrapper to respond to stop events while the WrapperListener.start method
  is still in progress.
* Add a new wrapper.listener.force_stop property which allows control over
  whether the WrapperListener.stop method is called on shutdown even if the
  WrapperListener.start method has not yet completed.
* Fix a problem on Windows where the ability to start and stop the Wrapper as
  a service using the Wrapper itself was requiring the Administrator permission
  when a lower permission should have been possible.  The Wrapper should now
  allow service control to do whatever is possible from the Services control
  panel.
* Fix a memory corruption error if the value of wrapper.java.maxmemory was more
  than 4 digits in length.  wrapper.java.initmemory did not have any problems.
* (Professional) Add a new wrapper.event.<event_name>.email.client.host
  property which makes it possible to configure the host name sent in EHLO and
  HELO commands to the SMTP server.
* Add a new default environment variable, WRAPPER_HOST_NAME, which stores the
  name of the machine where the Wrapper is running.

3.3.1
* Add debug output showing the current os name and architecture to aid in
  debugging problems.
* (Standard, Professional) Improve the message displayed when a license key
  is found but is deemed to be invalid.
* Modify the template wrapper.conf file to help users debug include file
  problems.
* Disable the console title feature on all UNIX platforms other than LINUX
  because the console title does not get reset correctly when the Wrapper
  process terminates.
* Add support for HP-UX IA64 CPUs.
* Update the license banner in source files so it is clearer that the user
  is restricted by the license they agreed to.
* Modify the Community edition so it will now display a Licensed to banner
  on startup if shipped with a Development License.  This is required to
  enable the distribution of the Community Edition under the Development
  License.
* (Professional) Fix a problem where the UNIX versions of the Professional
  Edition would sometimes deadlock on startup when run as a daemon process.
  Bug #1989355.
* (Professional) Added two new events; jvm_failed_invocation and
  jvm_max_failed_invocations.  Feature Request #1994718.
* Fix a problem where the Windows service exit code was not being set
  correctly when the JVM exited with a non-zero exit code.  The problem
  could be seen by running "sc query {service}" from the command line.
  Bug #1859061.
* Added support for the Windows Itanium 64-bit platform.
* Added support for the HP-UX Itanium 32 and 64-bit platforms.
* Added support for the MAC OSX 64-bit platform.
* (Standard, Professional) Fix a problem on Windows versions where servers
  which reported a large number of possible host ids could cause a buffer
  overflow on startup.   This crash was possible when using either
  Development or Server licenses.  Removed duplicate host ids from the list
  of possible ids.
* Add a new "condrestart" command to the shell script which will restart
  the Wrapper only if it is already running.  Feature Request #1928045.
* Fix a problem where the 64-bit Solaris x86 version was unable to load its
  JNI library.  Bug #1992039.
* Fix a problem on Windows versions where a frozen JVM process was not always
  being killed.  This could result in the zombie JVM processes being left
  around that consumed memory and other resources.
* Add a new wrapper.ignore_console_logouts property which allows the Wrapper
  and JVM to survive logouts when launched as a console application from
  another service.
* (Standard, Professional) Add a wrapperw.exe binary in Windows implementations
  which makes it possible to run the Wrapper without a console.  A console still
  flickers for an instant when the Wrapper starts.  This is the same issue that
  has existed when running as an interactive service and is required to make
  thread dumping possible.
* (Standard, Professional) Add new wrapper.logdialog.enable,
  wrapper.logdialog.format, wrapper.logdialog.lines, and
  wrapper.logdialog.loglevel properties used to configure the display of a Log
  dialog when the wrapperw.exe binary exits in an error state.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was attempting to reopen its backend port
  even when the JVM was down.  This was only a problem when the defined port
  range was limited to a single port with the wrapper.port.min and
  wrapper.port.max properties.  In such a case one or more warning messages
  were being displayed because the port is locked for a few moments after
  being closed.
* (Standard, Professional) The wrapper.initmemory.percent and
  wrapper.maxmemory.percent properties were not correctly being calculated
  relative to a maximum of 2048MB for 32-bit versions of the Wrapper.
  Bug #2053167.

3.3.0
* Add a new wrapper.ping.interval.logged property which makes it possible to
  reduce the debug output caused by ping transactions between the Wrapper and
  JVM.
* Fix a problem on Windows where the Windows Service Manager was not waiting
  the full configured time of the wrapper.jvm_exit.timeout and
  wrapper.shutdown.timeout properties.  This was leading to the net stop
  command timing out and the system shutting down without the java application
  having fully stopped.  Bug #1582568.
* If internal firewalls were preventing the backend socket from being created,
  it was not being made clear what the cause was.  It was also possible that
  the JVM would deadlock on shutdown.  This second problem was recovered from
  when the Wrapper killed the JVM.
* Rework the console output from all Wrapper classes to make it much more
  obvious that that is their source.
* Submit a patch to the UNIX sh script by Chris Dance which makes it possible
  to tell the shell to wait a few seconds for the wrapper to start up.  Also
  includes some modifications to work correctly on older Debian and RedHat
  systems.
* Fix a problem where the local copy of ant was not always being used
  correctly on UNIX systems which have a default copy of any installed.
  Thanks to Robey Pointer for the patch.
* Add the -lm to the command line when building Linux 32 and 64 bit versions
  of the wrapper on Linux.  This is to support building on recent Debian
  and Ubuntu versions.  Thanks to Robey Pointer for the patch.
* Add support for the SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 signals so they can now trigger a
  shutdown, restart or be forwarded to the JVM for custom functionality.
  See the wrapper.signal.mode.usr1 and wrapper.signal.mode.usr2 properties.
  Based on a patch by Robey Pointer.  Note that the JVM process does not
  trap SIGUSR1 or SIGUSR2 signals as they are used internally by the JVM
  as part of the garbage collection process.
* Fix a problem where the WRAPPER_OS, WRAPPER_ARCH, and WRAPPER_BITS
  environment variables were not being initialized correctly for the various
  unix platforms.
* Removed the 4096Mb upper limit set on the wrapper.java.initmemory and
  wrapper.java.maxmemory properties.  64bit users need to go way beyond that.
* Fix a problem where relative include file references in the configuration
  file were not working correctly if the wrapper.working.dir was used to
  change the working directory.  The working directory is now always reset
  to its original value as the configuration file is being loaded.
* Added a new wrapper.registry.java_home property which makes it
  possible to specify the location of java within the registry.
* Set a new WRAPPER_JAVA_HOME environment variable if the JAVA_HOME is
  located in the Windows registry.
* Modify the way properties are looked up so that any unreplaced environment
  variable references will be reevaluated in case they were set after the
  property was originally set.  This is possible with some WRAPPER_*
  environment variables or depending on the placement of set.* properties
  in the configuration file.
* Set any unset properties to their default values internally.  This is
  necessary so the WrapperManager.getProperties() method returns the
  correct set of active properties.
* Fix an occasional crash with 64-bit UNIX caused by a native synchronization
  problem when system signals are trapped.  Bug #1614010.
* Fix a problem on Solaris versions, where the Wrapper was not correctly
  recovering and attempting another back end port when the first was already
  in use.  Bug #1594073.
* Fix a problem on Solaris and AIX where the RUN_AS_USER feature of the
  shell script was not working due to lack of support for the "-m" option of
  su.  The shell script now uses "su -".  Bug #1590168.
* Add HP-UX Makefiles for building with make.  Fix some problems in the
  shell script to make the script work better on HP-UX.  Thanks to David
  Brown and Nicolas Varney for the patches.
* Fix a problem where any signals received by the JVM and triggering a
  SIGCHLD signal in the Wrapper were being interpretted as the JVM having
  stopped.  This was not always true.  Bug #1643666.
* The Wrapper is now able to detect when the JVM process is stopped and
  continued.  It will still timeout if stopped, but a descriptive warning
  is now logged.
* Increase the maximum number of log entries which can be queued to avoid
  losing them.  These are only used for log entries outside of the primary
  thread.
* Fix a problem in the shell script which was making it impossible to stop
  the Wrapper or query its status on OSX.
* Add support for 64 bit AIX.  Thanks to Nicolas Varney for supplying a
  Makefile.
* Correct the AIX library extension to be ".a".
* Rename the UNIX Makefiles so it is more obvious which tool must be used
  to build with them.
* Fix a problem where the HP-UX native library would not be located
  correctly for some processor types if the file had a platform specific
  name.
* Internally rename the WRAPPER_JSTATE_LAUNCH state to
  WRAPPER_JSTATE_LAUNCH_DELAY for clarity.
* Fix a problem where the UNIX versions of the Wrapper would shutdown
  rather than restarting a frozen JVM if the arrival of the SIGCHLD signal
  from the old JVM process was delayed by more than a second or two.
* Rework the Windows build so it now uses nmake and a Makefile rather than
  vcbuild.  This is probably not as clean, but it was needed to get the
  64-bit build working.
* Fix a problem on Windows versions where quoted values specified from the
  command line were not always being requoted correctly when generating the
  java command line.
* Add validation checks for Windows versions to make sure that all additional
  parameters, application arguments, the classpath, and library path all
  contain values which are quoted correctly.  Incorrectly quoted values will
  now result in a warning message that will help resolve the problem.
* Fix a memory leak when calling WrapperManager.listServices() on Windows.
  Bug #1665947.
* Fix a buffer overflow problem if the Wrapper was launched without explicitly
  specifying a configuration file.
* Add tests of the return values of all malloc calls to catch out of memory
  errors and recover as gracefully as possible.  Bug #1649880.
* Modify the WrapperManager.signalStarting and signalStopping methods so that
  they will never have the effect of shortening the existing timeout.
  Updated the javadocs of both methods so they more accurately reflect what
  the methods do.
* Move the Wrapper Copyright banner into the Wrapper process so it will be
  output more consistently.
* Branch the code to support Community, Standard, and Professional Editions
  of the Java Service Wrapper.
* (Standard, Professional) Add support for Server (Fixed) as well as
  Development (OEM based) licenses.
* (Standard, Professional) Add 64-bit versions of the Windows version.  The
  64-bit Community Edition will not be distributed initially to support
  ongoing development costs.
* (Professional) Add event handling callbacks for Wrapper start/stop, JVM
  start/stop, JVM started/stopped, JVM restart, JVM killed, and JVM unexpected
  exit events.
* (Professional) Add the ability to send emails in response to any event
  callback.
* (Professional) Add the ability to execute a a user configured command in
  response to any event callback.
* Add WRAPPER_BIN_DIR and WRAPPER_WORKING_DIR environment variables which are
  now available for use within the wrapper.conf file as well as by any child
  processes.
* Add documentation to the integration pages about existing system properties
  that be used to control the way the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp
  handle application startup.
* Remove support for native PPC and x86 distributions of the Wrapper for
  MAC OSX in favor of the universal X-Code distribution.  This appears to be
  the standard for the market and saves lots of time on testing.
* Add a new '-it' command to the Windows version which makes it possible to
  install and start a service as a single command.
* Fix a problem where the PATH environment variable was not being set correctly
  on Windows versions when run as a service if the wrapper.ntservice.account
  was set and a PATH was set for both the SYSTEM and user accounts.
  Bug #1702274.
* Modify the shell script to set JAVA_HOME to the default JVM location on
  OSX systems if it is not already set.  OSX always places the JVM in a known
  location so this is possible.  Thanks to Andrew Williams for the patch.
* Fix a problem where the UNIX shell script would fail if the APP_NAME was set
  to a value containing spaces.  Thanks to Andrew Williams for the patch.
  Bug #1695678.
* Fix a problem where the DIST_ARCH was not being resolved correctly on HP-UX
  systems.  Thanks to Matej Kraus for the patch.  Patch #1697421.
* Log output from the timer thread was not being queued correctly, this could
  have lead to timing problems if there were any delays writing to disk.
* Add partial support for OS/400 into the build file.  Still needs a Makefile.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperActionServer would deadlock in its stop method
  if the JVM shutdown was initiated by a call to the shutdown or restart
  actions.
* Add support for wrapper.console.title on UNIX platforms.  Add a set of
  wrapper.console.title.<platform> properties which make it possible to set the
  title based on the platform.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.ntservice.account and
  wrapper.ntservice.password properties were being stored in the system
  registry if the they were specified on the command line when the Wrapper
  was installed as a service.  This was broken in version 3.2.2.
  Bug #1538725.
* Fix a problem where the DUMP command was not working with the
  wrapper.commandfile property when run as a service on Windows.
  Bug #1644421.
* Fix a problem where wildcards like "*.*" or "*" in a classpath property were
  including the "." and ".." files on Windows versions.  Bug #1517928.
* Modify the debug log output when the Wrapper is attempting to load its native
  library in an attempt to make the expected failures less threatening.
* Commit a patch by Rob Oxspring which adds the start_msg and stop_msg commands
  to the shell script.  These are expected by init scripts on HP-UX.
  Patch #1750027.
* Add a DETAIL_STATUS flag to the UNIX shell script which will cause the
  status, start_msg, and stop_msg commands to display the current internal
  status of both the Wrapper and Java processes.
* Commit a patch by Rob Oxspring which adds an init block to the UNIX shell
  script to make it work with install_initd and remove_initd scripts used by
  SUSE linux.  Patch #1750028.
* Commit a patch by Travis Carlson, ia64 systems were being grouped as "x86"
  systems.  They now are assigned the name "ia" which makes it possible to
  create a distribution for them.  Patch #1663887.
* (Standard, Professional) Add new wrapper.java.initmemory.percent and
  wrapper.java.maxmemory.percent properties which make it possible to set
  the initial and maximum memory values relative to the amount of physical
  memory on the system.  Feature Request #1741051.
* Add a new #include.debug declaration in the wrapper configuration file which
  makes it much easier to debug problems with cascading include files.
* Add -l and --controlcode commands to the Windows version which make it easy
  to send user defined control codes to the Wrapper running as a service.
* Fix a synchronization problem in the logging code which could result in
  data corruption or access violations.
* Add version numbers to the bat and sh scripts to make them easier to
  support.
* Make the wrapper.ntservice.name, wrapper.ntservice.displayname, and
  wrapper.ntservice.description properties aliases of new wrapper.name,
  wrapper.displayname, and wrapper.description properties as they are now
  used on UNIX platforms as well as Windows.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper would sometimes fail to send a packet to
  the JVM because the sending of the packet would block.  Thanks to Peter
  Gorgon for the patch.
* Fix a problem where CPUs identifying themselves as 'ia64n' or 'ia64w' were
  not correctly being categorized as 'ia'. Thanks to Stirling Chow for the
  patch.  Patch #1859412.
* Add -d and --dump commands to the Windows version which make it possible to
  send thread dump requests to the Wrapper when running as a service.  Works
  in association with the new wrapper.thread_dump_control_code property.
  Feature Request #1118110.
* (Professional) Add wrapper.timer.<n>.interval and wrapper.timer.<n>.action
  properties which make it possible to schedule Wrapper shutdowns, JVM
  restarts and thread dumps at arbitrary times.
* Fix a problem where the default configuration file name was being corrupted
  by a buffer overrun.  Thanks to Rob Joyce for the patch.  Patch #1879049.
* Fix a problem where the WrapperManager would sometimes attempt to unregister
  its shutdown hook after the shutdown hook had been initiated.  Bug #1799489.
* Fix a problem where log files were limited to 2GB on Linux systems.
  Bug #1881038.

3.2.3
* Add support for x86 Mac OS X distributions.
* The 3.2.2 Windows version was accidentally released with its MFC libraries
  dynamically linked.  This meant that anyone who did not have VS8 installed
  were not able to run the Wrapper due to missing DLLs.  This version fixes
  that snafu by correctly using statically linked libraries as was done in
  previous versions built with VS6.  Bug #1578554.

3.2.2
* Correct a typo in the usage output of the WrapperStartStopApp.  Thanks to
  Michael Giroux for pointing it out.
* Fix a problem on OSF1 systems where the backend socket was not listening
  correctly due to a backlog of 0.  This was broken in 3.2.0.  Thanks to
  Phillip Gussow for supplying a patch.
* Remove the com.silveregg.wrapper package classes that were deprecated in
  version 3.0.0.
* Fix a potential problem in the UNIX script where the lock file permissions
  were not being set correctly if the LOCKFILE and RUN_AS_USER variables are
  specified but the group of the specified user could not be resolved.
* Fix a problem where the exit code returned by WrapperListener.stop was being
  ignored in some cases.
* Fix a problem where the shell script would not work correctly when the
  wrapper or its configuration files were located in a directory path
  containing spaces.
* Apply a series of patches by Michael Saya to get the Windows 64 bit build
  working.
* Fix a problem in UNIX versions where the SIGTERM handler was being disabled
  when a SIGCHLD was received.
* Added support in UNIX versions for the SIGHUP signal.
* Migrated the source to Subversion from CVS.  Did a bunch of cleanup in the
  source, removing CVS specific tags.
* Fix a problem in UNIX versions were the pid file specified by the
  wrapper.java.pidfile property contained the wrapper pid rather than the
  jvm pid.  Bug #1565011.
* Fix a problem in UNIX versions where the file specified by the
  wrapper.java.pidfile property was not always being deleted when the JVM
  process went away.
* A user encountered a JVM bug where calls to System.exit were resulting in
  an IllegalThreadStateException being thrown.  Added some code to trap this
  and shut down the JVM using other means to avoid a hang during shutdown.
* Fix a NullPointerException caused by users incorrectly implementing
  an Integration Method #3 class and then calling WrapperManager.start with
  a null value for the args parameter.
* Update the banner displayed by the Wrapper on startup to include a
  copyright notice.  Please see the license page of the documentation for
  details.
* Add a new 'Z' log format which will log the time to millisecond accuracy.
* Fix a problem where the JVM exit code was not being set correctly when
  the JVM was shutdown using WrapperManager.stopImmediate().  The exit code
  of the Wrapper was being set correctly through other means however.
* Fix a potential synchronization problem in the logging code if a JVM exits
  with debug output enabled.
* Updated the WrapperListener.stop method javadocs to better explain the
  exitCode value under certain exit modes.
* On UNIX versions, add a log message which records the signal that caused
  the JVM process to exit when it terminates unexpectedly.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.on_exit.<n> property was not working
  correctly in some cases on UNIX.  With help from Andreas Schafer.
* Add support for building the Wrapper with Visual Studio 8 for Windows.
  Releases will now be done using this compiler.
* Fix a CRITICAL bug in the 3.2.0 and 3.2.1 Windows versions of the Wrapper
  where the Wrapper would crash under rare circumstances when running as a
  service.  If the service manager interrogated the service at the same
  instant as the wrapper was pinging the JVM, the wrapper was sometimes
  crashing due to a synchronization problem.   The problem did not exist
  prior to 3.2.0.  Bug #1574537.
* Fix a minor logging problem where the 'D' format was not displaying the
  correct thread name for queued log messages.

3.2.1
* Fix a problem with the solaris-sparc-64 makefile.
* Add a solaris-x86-64 makefile.
* Merge in a patch by Hugo Weber to make it possible to configure the Wrapper
  to pull the JRE from the system registry on windows.
* Fix a batch file bug added in 3.2.0 where the scripts would not function
  correctly if the full path to the batch file contained spaces.
  Bug #1450601.
* Modify the message shown when a native library fails to load so the
  exception message text is now shown in the log without having to enable
  debug log output.
* Modify the UNIX shell script to be more informative if the script is unable
  to locate a wrapper binary due to a executable bit permission problem.
* Fix a minor permission problem with the build for the delta-pack.
* Commit a patch by Juergen Hermann to make the error shown when realpath
  fails clearer.
* Add the ability to use a default wrapper.conf file that is in the same
  directory as the wrapper binary.  The file will be named based on the
  name of the wrapper binary.
* Synchronize the command line so that both the Windows and UNIX versions
  are now the same.  The old command line syntaxes are now supported
  everywhere so there will be no compatibility problems.
* It is no longer possible to specify arguments using the '/c' syntax.
  This was undocumented so hopefully it is not being used.  The documented
  '-c' syntax must now be used.  The change was necessary to synchronize
  the command line between UNIX and windows platforms.
* The 32-bit HP-UX 3.2.0 build was generating a libwrapper.so file rather
  than libwrapper.sl.
* Make the WrapperManager.setConsoleTitle, getWrapperPID, and getJavaPID
  methods available through JMX.
* Fix a state engine problem introduced in 3.2.0 which was causing the
  wrapper.on_exit.<n> properties to be ignored in most cases.
* Fix a potential problem that could have caused crashes when debug logging
  was enabled.
* Fix a problem where signals were not being handled correctly on some UNIX
  platforms, including AIX.  This was making it impossible to shutdown the
  wrapper cleanly with the TERM signal.  Bug #1477619.
* Add new default environment variables which can be referenced in a
  configuration file to configure platform specific directories and file
  names.  WRAPPER_OS, WRAPPER_ARCH, and WRAPPER_BITS.
* Add a -v argument to make it possible to request the version from a wrapper
  binary.
* Add support for registering the WrapperManager MBean with the
  PlatformMBeanServer when run on a 1.5+ JVM.  See the JMX section in the
  documentation for details.
* Rework the way timeout properties are handled.  Values of 0 now actually
  disable the timeouts rather than setting them to a large value.  To avoid
  overflow problems when converting to internal timer ticks, timeouts are now
  restricted to a maximum of 20 days, or 1728000 seconds.  Change affects the
  wrapper.cpu.timeout, wrapper.startup.timeout, wrapper.ping.timeout,
  wrapper.shutdown.timeout, and wrapper.jvm_exit.timeout properties.  For
  values less than 20 days, there should be no change in functionality.
* Add support for debuggers.  The Wrapper will now show a warning on startup
  and then again the first time a timeout occurs.  But all timeouts will be
  ignored.  This is to avoid problems with the Wrapper restarting a suspended
  JVM in the middle of a debugging session.  The wrapper enters this mode if
  the wrapper.java.command ends with the string "jdb" or "jdb.exe", or the
  "-Xdebug" parameter is passed to the JVM.
* Add 'athlon' to the list of supported architectures.
* Fix a problem where the environment variables loaded when a service was
  started were always the system environment even if the service was running
  as a specific account.  The environment of a specific account will now be
  loaded on top of the system environment if the USERNAME environment
  variable is set by the system.  Bug #1491138.
* Added new wrapper.ntservice.pausable and wrapper.ntservice.pausable.stop_jvm
  properties to make it possible to pause and resume the Wrapper when installed
  as a Windows service.
* Added new Pause and Resume batch files as well as modified the command batch
  file to support pause and resume.
* Added PAUSE and RESUME commands for use by the wrapper.commandfile property.
* Fix a problem with the wrapper.pidfile, wrapper.java.pidfile,
  wrapper.anchorfile, wrapper.commandfile, wrapper.statusfile,
  wrapper.java.statusfile, wrapper.java.idfile, and wrapper.lockfile
  properties where forward slashes in paths were not being changed to back
  slashes on Windows versions.
* Simplify the code used to load a native library by using the
  System.mapLibraryName method rather than doing the same thing manually.
* Add a new wrapper.syslog.facility property which makes it possible to
  specify the syslog facility on UNIX systems.  Thanks for the patch from
  Bruce Pennypacker.
* Removed the custom thread counting used to keep track of when the wrapped
  Java application has completed.  It is now done in a different way that
  will work on all Java implementations without requiring any special
  consideration of the current JVM.   Deprecated the
  wrapper.monitor_thread_count and wrapper.thread_count_delay properties.
  Bug #1470265.
* The WrapperStartStopApp helper class still requires thread counting if the
  stopWait parameter is set to true.  Previous versions all hardcoded the
  system thread count to 1 which worked for most JVMs.  A new system property,
  org.tanukisoftware.wrapper.WrapperStartStopApp.systemThreadCount, was added
  to make it possible to customize.  It currently defaults to 1.
* Make it possible to extend the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp
  helper classes.  Feature Request #1510274.
* Add warning messages if the old org.silveregg.wrapper package classes are
  still being used.  They will be removed in the next release.

3.2.0
* Rework the release cycle so that the wrapper.jar file released for all
  platforms is now built on the same machine.  This resolves a few
  incompatibility problems caused by jars built on very new JVMs but run
  on old JVMs.
* Add additional output when the JVM can not be launched due to security
  restrictions on Windows.
* Greatly improved the performance of file logging.  On a windows test machine
  3.1.2 could log 67210 lines of output in 20 seconds with a 80-15% split
  between the Wrapper and JVM process CPU usage.  It now outputs 215214 lines
  with a 64-34% split, also showing less load on the system process.  This is
  a 220% increase in performance.  In both cases, the JVM was completely idle
  other than the console output which makes the Wrapper appear to be a bit of
  a CPU hog.  In fact it is the only process doing any work in this case.
  This improvement was accomplished by keeping the log file open unless idle.
  The idle time can be controlled using the new
  wrapper.logfile.inactivity.timeout property.  The speed increase on UNIX
  platforms was much smaller at around 10%.
* Add a new property, wrapper.disable_restarts, which will completely disable
  the Wrapper's ability to restart JVMs.
* Add a pair of new properties, wrapper.port.min and wrapper.port.max, which
  make it possible to define the port range used when a specific wrapper.port
  is not specified.
* Fix a problem where certain characters like umlauts were being stripped from
  property values.  Bug #1049528.
* Make the PIDs of the Wrapper and Java process easier to access by providing
  a new pair os system properties; wrapper.pid and wrapper.java.pid, as well
  as a new pair of methods; WrapperManager.getWrapperPID() and
  WrapperManager.getJavaPID().
* Add a new WrapperEventListener class which can be implemented to receive
  a wide variety of events from the Wrapper.
* Add a WrapperServiceControlEvent class which will report any service control
  codes received by the Wrapper as it is running as an NT service.   This was
  added to make it possible for other applications to sent custom codes to the
  Wrapper using the Window Service Manager.
* Add a WrapperManager.listServices() method which can be used to obtain the
  status of all services on a Windows system.
* Add a WrapperManager.sendServiceControlCode() method which makes it possible
  to start, stop, pause, continue, any service on Windows systems.  It is also
  possible to send custom user codes via the service manager.
* Add comments in the sh script to support the chkconfig command.
* Implement the ability to read from standard input via System.in.  Feature
  Request #1024693.
* Made the tick based timer the default by changing the default value of the
  wrapper.use_system_time property to false.  Most users should see an
  improvement in reliability under heavy loads with this new setting.  If you
  have extended any timeouts in the past, you may wish to try going back to
  defaults as they may no longer need to be extended.
* Add a new wrapper.restart.reload_configuration property which causes the
  Wrapper to reload its configuration file immediately before a JVM restart.
  Properties which can not be reloaded have comments stating that fact in
  their documentation.  Feature Request #981060.
* Fix a problem in the UNIX shell script which was preventing the script from
  locating the PID and anchor files when the wrapper.working.dir property was
  used.
* Modify UNIX versions so that the wrapper binary will now force its working
  directory to the location of the wrapper binary.   This change was made to
  make the UNIX version work the same way as the Windows version and thus make
  configuration files that modify their working directory work correctly on
  a cross platform basis.  Users which have been using the scripts supplied
  with the Wrapper should not encounter any problems.  Other users may require
  slight changes to their configuration file to deal with the new way that the
  Wrapper deals with its initial working directory.
* Add a new method WrapperManager.getProperties() which makes it possible to
  access any property in the Wrapper configuration file.
* Fix a problem where TERM signals were not being correctly ignored by the
  JVM process on UNIX platforms even if the wrapper.ignore_signals property
  was set to true.   Earlier versions of the Wrapper would generate a
  WRAPPER_CTRL_SHUTDOWN_EVENT when a TERM signal was received.   On Windows
  that signal should never be ignored.  To resolve this a new
  WRAPPER_CTRL_TERM_EVENT was added making it possible to selectively ignore
  the TERM signals.  This change may affect user implementations of the
  WrapperListener.controlEvent() method.  Bug #1086344.
* The Windows version has a feature which allows the user to immediately kill
  the Wrapper and its Java application without waiting for a clean shutdown
  by pressing CTRL-C twice.  Windows sends the CTRL-C signal to both the
  Wrapper and Java processes.  Due to a rare timing problem, it was possible
  for the Java process to get the signal first and initialize a shutdown
  before the Wrapper could respond to the signal.  In this case the Wrapper
  was interpreting this as a second CTRL-C signal even though the user only
  pressed it once.
* If the wrapper.anchorfile or wrapper.pidfile properties are used on Windows
  they were being unintentionally deleted if the -t, -p, -i, or -r commands
  were used while another Wrapper instance was running.  In the case of the
  anchor file, this would result in the Wrapper being shutdown unintentionally.
  This was not an issue on non-Windows versions.  Bug #1108517.
* Fix a security problem where the value of the wrapper.ntservice.account
  and wrapper.ntservice.password properties were being stored in plain text
  within the registry if they were specified on the command line when
  installing the Wrapper as a Windows service.  Bug #1110183.
* Add a pair of properties wrapper.ntservice.password.prompt and
  wrapper.ntservice.password.prompt.mask which which will cause the Wrapper
  to prompt the user for an account password when it is being installed as
  an NT service.
* Added system properties to make it possible to configure whether or not
  the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp helper classes will wait
  for the configured main methods to complete before reporting that the
  application has started.  See the javadocs for these classes for more
  details.
* Modify the HP-UX build so that it now dynamically links with the pthread
  library.  This was to make the binaries work with HP-UX 11.00.  Thanks to
  Sun Kun Choi for the patch.
* Add new wrapper.statusfile and wrapper.java.statusfile properties which can
  be used by external applications to monitor the internal state of the Wrapper
  or JVM at any given time.  These will not be useful to most users.
* Add a new wrapper.commandfile property which can be used by external
  applications to control the Wrapper and its JVM.
* Add a new wrapper.java.idfile property which can be used by external
  applications to monitor the internal state of the JVM at any given time.
* Add a warning on startup if the JVM has a SecurityManager set but the
  wrapper.jar has not been granted the AllPermissions permission.  Failure
  to do so will almost certainly lead to the Wrapper throwing a number of
  errors and this helps to point out the cause.
* Add a security model which protects most Wrapper method calls when a
  SecurityManager has been registered.  See the Security Model section
  for more details.
* Add a new pair of batch files which can be used to start and stop the
  Wrapper when installed as a service.
* Add new -q and -qs commands to the Windows version of the Wrapper which
  make it possible to query the currently installed status of the service.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.java.library.path.append_system_path
  property was not working correctly on Windows when the system PATH
  contained quotes.  Bug #1238726.
* Modify the usage output of the Wrapper on all platforms so the Wrapper's
  version is now included.  It was not previously possible to get the version
  of the Wrapper being used without launching a JVM.
* Add a pair of new methods WrapperManager.stopAndReturn() and
  WrapperManager.restartAndReturn() which make it possible for code to
  stop or restart the JVM and then continue until the JVM is shutdown.
  This can be useful for shutdowns initiated within places like servlets,
  whose operation is expected to complete.
* Fix a problem on UNIX where the child JVM was sometimes leaving around
  zombie processes after a restart.  The SIGCHLD signal was not being handled
  correctly.  Thanks to Traun Leyden for the patch.  Bug #1291201.
* Implement the ability to catch control events using the WrapperEventLisener.
  Feature Request #836975.
* Add new wrapper.jvm.port, wrapper.jvm.port.min, and wrapper.jvm.port.max
  properties which make it possible to control the port the JVM uses to open
  a connection back to the JVM.  The Wrapper uses to leave this up to the
  OS, but some users were having problems with the default conflicting with
  other ports.
* Switch from using ftime() to gettimeofday() on UNIX platforms to work around
  a problem where the Wrapper would not run on new versions of OSX because
  they deprecated the ftime() function call.  Thanks for the patch by
  Michael Macaluso.  Bug #1313162.
* Remove the shutdown timeout from the UNIX shell script.  It is not needed
  and can cause a zombie JVM if the wrapper's internal shutdown timeout was
  longer than that of the shell script.
* Add the ability to specify integer property values in base 8 or 16 in
  addition to base 10.  Base 8 values start with a '0' and base 16 values
  start with a '0x'.
* Make it possible to set the umask on all files created by the Wrapper
  as well as the default umask of files created by the JVM.  Added new
  wrapper.umask, wrapper.java.umask, wrapper.pidfile.umask,
  wrapper.lockfile.umask, wrapper.java.pidfile.umask,
  wrapper.java.idfile.umask, wrapper.statusfile.umask,
  wrapper.java.statusfile.umask, wrapper.anchorfile.umask, and
  wrapper.logfile.umask properties.
* Improve the message when the native library can not be loaded to make mention
  of the possibility of a 32/64 bit mismatch.
* Add a new wrapper.monitor_thread_count property which makes it possible to
  disable the Wrapper's counting of non-daemon threads and thus the shutting
  down of the JVM when they have all completed.
* Add support for BELOW_NORMAL and ABOVE_NORMAL options to the
  wrapper.ntservice.process_priority property.  Feature Request #1373922.
* Ignore '#' characters which are included within double quotes in the value
  of a property in the configuration file.  Unquoted values must be escaped
  with a second '#' characters or it will be interpreted as a comment.
* Display the Wrapper banner in the JVM earlier so that it is displayed
  even where there are startup errors.
* Modify the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp classes so that the
  WrapperManager is always initialized immediately.  This makes the output
  clearer in the event of startup errors.
* Fix a problem where the Windows ServiceManager was not correctly reporting
  a startup error if a service failed on startup.  The service was being
  reported as having started even though it failed to start.
* Fix a problem on UNIX versions where the Wrapper would go into a recursive
  state of attempting to launch the JVM from failed child processes if there
  was any problems executing the configured java process.
* Rework the way the RUN_AS_USER setting in the UNIX shell script works so
  the specified user is now set regardless of the command being executed.
  To make sure the user never has to enter the password twice when running
  the script, it now recurses after changing the user.  The script then
  runs entirely as the configured user.
* Improve the message that is displayed when attempting to start, stop, or
  remove a windows service which is not installed.
* Add new wrapper.lockfile property which makes it possible to specify a
  lock file containing a pid.
* Modified the sh script so it now creates a lock file on startup in the
  /var/lock/subsys directory if it exists.  This is needed by fedora systems
  on shutdown.
* Store javadocs in tar distibutions in a nested tar file to avoid problems
  with long filenames in some tar distributions.
* Fix a problem with the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp helper
  classes where on heavily loaded systems it was possible for the Wrapper
  to get a running thread count of 0 and shutdown before the main thread
  had a chance to be started.
* Add a new wrapper.thread_count_delay property which will force the
  WrapperManager to wait the specified number of seconds before it begins
  to check the number of running threads.
* Fix a problem where the wrapper.java.library.path.append_system_path
  property was appending the PATH rather than the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment
  variable on Unix systems.  PATH is correct for Windows systems.
* Add a new wrapper.logfile.rollmode property which makes it possible to
  control how and when the logfile is rolled.  Feature Requests #864463,
  #1085097, and #1085850.
* Fix a problem on Linux where the test for the status of the Java child
  process would sometimes fail causing the Wrapper to shutdown with the
  error "Critical error: wait for JVM process failed (No child processes)"
  rather than restart the child JVM.  Users who encountered this problem
  found it easy to reproduce, but it only happened on some systems.
* Modify the way the UNIX shell script tests for the existence of a process
  matching the pid in an existing pid file.  It now verifies the process
  command as well as the pid to fix a system reboot problem where a stale
  pid has been reused by another application, making the script think the
  wrapper was already running.
* Add support for the GNU libjcj JVM.  Like JRocket, it requires slightly
  different thread counting.
* Add support for Linux 64-bit PPC and Solaris 32-bit x86 versions.
* Add a new set.default.ENV syntax to the configuration file making it
  possible to environment variable values which do not overwrite existing
  values, ie. to specify a default value.
* Added a new wrapper.console.flush property which forces the wrapper to
  explicitly flush stdout after each line of log output.
* Change the error shown when the JVM shuts down prematurely during a
  shutdown to a warning message.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper would show the following error message
  if user code called System.exit from within the WrapperListener.stop
  callback method.  This would happen if the stop class's main method
  registered with the WrapperStartStopApp called System.exit.
  "JVM exited unexpectedly while stopping the application."
  Bug #945976.
* Add a new wrapper.syslog.ident property which makes it possible to
  specify the identity used in syslog entries on UNIX.  This was possible
  in older versions but was set using the wrapper.ntservice.name property.
  Bug #1432855.
* Add support for MacOSX Universal Binary distributions.
* Add support for Delta Pack distributions.  This is a distribution that
  contains the binaries of multiple platforms.

3.1.2
* Modify the way boolean system properties are resolved by the WrapperManager
  so it is now possible to set them to true or false rather than assuming they
  are true if set.
* Fix a problem where some localized error messages were not having their
  tokens replaced correctly.
* Fix a problem when using the WrapperStartStopApp helper class.  The usage
  text was incorrectly being displayed in the console if an exception was
  thrown while executing the main method of the configured stop class.  This
  did not change the functionality of the application, but it did cause some
  confusion.
* Fix a problem on Windows where a library path or class path which ended in
  a backslash was preventing the Wrapper from launching the JVM.  The Windows
  OS was using the backslash to escape the quote used to close the path.  The
  fix was to add a second backslash where needed.
* Added a new wrapper.java.command.loglevel property which makes it possible
  to control the log level of the generated java command.
* Add support for escaped quotes when stripping quotes on UNIX for the
  wrapper.java.additional.<n> and wrapper.app.parameter.<n> properties.
* Change the default value of wrapper.jvm_exit.timeout from 5 to 15 seconds.
  The old default was too fast for some applications which take a while to
  exit.  Applications which were exiting promptly will not see any difference.
* Fix a problem where the JVM would restart at certain times when using the
  system time based timer due to an overflow error.  This problem was
  introduced in 3.1.0.  Due to a separate bug in 3.1.0, the Wrapper would
  shutdown rather than simply restarting the JVM as was happening in 3.1.1.
  The last restart happened on Aug 21, 2004.  It will next occur Oct 10, 2004
  and repeat at regular intervals.  There are no problems when using the new
  Tick based timer.  Bug #1014405.
* Correct the wrapper.logfile.maxsize property so that a a kilobyte is now 1024
  rather than 1000, and a megabyte is a megabyte.  We aren't a hard drive
  manufacturer after all.
* Add try-catch blocks around all thread entry points in the Windows version.
  This has always been done in the main function, but these blocks will help
  to narrow down the cause of problems should they ever be encountered in
  control or service handlers.
* Centralize shutdown code on UNIX version in an appExit method as was already
  being done for Windows versions.
* Fix a problem where the build.sh was not correctly using the included ant
  if an ANT_HOME environment variable was defined.
* Add a new wrapper.single_invocation property which will prevent multiple
  invocations of an application from being started on Windows platforms.
  The shell script handles this on UNIX platforms.  Feature Request #889123.
* Fix a crash problem introduced in 3.1.1, caused by a pair of uninitialized
  pointers.  The crash was possible on all platforms but would only happen
  if the Wrapper was started without any arguments.  It would not affect
  users running the Wrapper normally.  Bug #1018481.
* Fix a problem with the run as user feature of the shell script on Solaris.
  Needed to be using /usr/xpg4/bin/id rather than /usr/bin/in if available.
  Bug #1024008.
* Replace calls to usleep with nanosleep on platforms where it is available.
  This was to fix an occasional hang on a specific Solaris machine.  It would
  occasionally hang on calls to usleep.  From research, it appears that usleep
  has problems when signals are encountered while sleeping.  Still testing
  whether or not this change solved the problem.
* Upgrade the version of Ant included with source releases to 1.6.2 to fix
  some problems generating jni headers when building with Java 1.4.2.
* Upgrade the version of Cocoon included with source releases to 2.0.4 to
  fix some problems generating documentation using Java 1.4.2.
* Display a warning if the exit status of a JVM process ever returns the
  STILL_ACTIVE status on Windows.  There was no known problem here, just
  noticed it while looking over the code.
* Display a descriptive error message on Windows if the the JVM process crashes
  due to an uncaught exception in native JVM code.
* Add a test for invalid jvm arguments set using the wrapper.java.additional.<n>
  properties.  Invalid arguments could cause the Wrapper startup to fail in
  non obvious ways if they are mistaken by the JVM as the main class.

3.1.1
* Modified the way libwrapper.so is built on Solaris and Linux so that it
  no longer statically links its required libraries.
* Fix a file handle leak when calling WrapperManager.getUser or
  WrapperManager.getInteractiveUser on Windows platforms.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.1.0 where the JVM would not be restarted
  correctly if it quit after a ping timeout to let the Wrapper resynch and
  restart it.
* Fix a problem where CTRL-C was not being handled correctly if the console
  was configured to be shown when running as an NT service.
* Fix a problem where signals fired at UNIX versions of the wrapper were
  not being handled correctly when the tick timer was being used.
* Fix a synchronization problem in the logging code which would
  occassionally cause the Wrapper to crash with an Access Violation.
  The problem was only encountered when the tick timer was enabled,
  and was only seen on multi-CPU systems.  Bug #949877.
* Fix a problem when using the tick timer where the Wrapper would sometimes
  exit on startup due to an uncaught SIGALRM.  Only reported on multi-CPU
  Solaris systems.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper would sometimes hang on shutdown if
  another thread called System.exit while the Wrapper was shutting down.
  Bug #955248.
* Fix a problem introduced in 3.1.0 where a very very large CPU timeout
  warning message was being displayed if the system time was set back
  while using the default system timer.
* Added a new property, wrapper.anchorfile, which makes it possible to
  cause the Wrapper to shutdown by deleting an anchor file.  The UNIX sh
  script has been modified to optionally make use of this feature.
* Add a debug message at startup which makes it clear which timer is being
  used.
* A Windows user reported that using forward slashes in the path the log
  file was failing.  Avoid this problem by always converting '/' to '\'
  in the wrapper.logfile property on Windows.
* Fix a problem where it was not possible disable the wrapper log file as
  documented in the wrapper.logfile property.  Most likely broken way back
  in version 2.2.5.
* Add some additional error checks after calls to control the pipe between
  the JVM and Wrapper as well as improving the messages around other socket
  related error messages.
* Fix a problem on some HP-UX systems were not working correctly because
  the EAGAIN and EWOULDBLOCK constants are not equal with some compilers.
* Change some of the defaults in the src/conf/wrapper.conf.in file which
  ships with the Wrapper to avoid confusion with new users.
* Rewrote the routine which reads and logs console output from the JVM
  for Windows versions.  Internal buffers are now scaled dynamically,
  fixing a problem where long lines were being wrapped at 1024 characters.
  This rewrite also resulted in a 4 fold increase in speed when the JVM is
  sending large quantities of output to the console.
* Increase debug output on UNIX platforms when a signal is caught.  When
  possible, information about where the signal came from is now logged.
* Modified the way log output from within signal handlers is handled so it
  is now queued and then logged by the main event loop.
* Back out a 3.1.0 change where a JVM that had failed to exit cleanly was
  sent a SIGTERM prior to a SIGKILL.  The SIGTERM made no difference and
  slowed down the forced shutdown.  A modification to the event loop made
  the functionality more difficult to implement.
* Add the ability to set the user that the Wrapper and its JVM will run as
  from within the sh script on UNIX platforms.
* Add an icon resource to the Wrapper binary on Windows versions.
* Fix a typo in the UNIX sh script which caused an extra slash to be included
  in the path of the pid file.  Was not causing any known problems.
* Added support for 64-bit HP-UX.  Big thanks to Venkatesh Sellappa for
  supplying the patch.
* Fix a deadlock problem introduced in 3.1.0 with some FreeBSD systems.  Not
  all users were experiencing it, but those who did were able to reliably
  reproduce the problem.  The problem appears to have been caused by
  FreeBSD bug #kern/64313.
* Make the signal handling variables in the wrapper native library volatile.
  Directly this was to fix a compiler warning on HP-UX64 systems but it
  should also make the calls more efficient.

3.1.0
* The license was revised for this version to include a copyright omission.
  This change is to be retroactively applied to all versions of the Java
  Service Wrapper starting with version 3.0.0.  The changes should have
  no effect on users.
* The Online documentation and web site were both reworked.  The logo has
  been updated so that Duke is no longer used.  The new online site now
  has the ability for users to logon and append comments to any page.
* Added a new batch file which accepts commands like the UNIX shell script.
  The new file is offered as an alternative to the default batch files, and
  can be found at src/bin/AppCommand.bat.in.  Thanks to Mike Castle for
  donating the new script.
* The Windows version of the Wrapper was not correctly registering that it
  would accept SHUTDOWN messages when running as a service.  The Wrapper
  was getting the message anyway so this should not change functionality.
  Thanks to Jason Tishler for noticing this and sending in a patch.
* Add a new property, wrapper.native_library, which can be used to specify
  the base name of the native library which is loaded by the WrapperManager
  class.
* Modify the WrapperManager class so it now stores references to System.out
  and System.err on initialization and always writes to those stored streams.
  This makes sure that all Wrapper console output always goes to the
  wrapper.log file even if user code overrides those streams with calls to
  System.setOut and System.setErr.  This was necessary to prevent deadlocks
  in such user code from affecting the functionality of the Wrapper.
* Fixed a problem where some environment variables where not being correctly
  loaded from the system registry when running as an NT service.  Big thanks
  to Eric Smith for tracking this down and submitting a patch.  It turns out
  that the putenv function was not being used correctly.
* Modified the way the wrapper.conf file is loaded so it will now read the
  contents correctly even if the line feeds in the file are incorrect for
  the current platform.  Windows line feeds had been causing problems when
  used on UNIX platforms.  Feature Request #829896.
* Added a new property, wrapper.ntservice.console, which allows a console to
  be displayed when running as an NT service.
* Fixed a problem where the request thread dump on failed JVM exit feature
  had never worked when running as an NT service.  Bug #831775.
* Add a new property, wrapper.console.title, which makes it possible to set
  the title of the console in which the Wrapper is currently running.  This
  currently only works on Windows platforms.
* Added a new method, setConsoleTitle, to the WrapperManager class which
  enables the application to dynamically set the console title.  Like the
  wrapper.console.title property, this only works on Windows platforms.
* Improved the algorithm of the request thread dump on failed JVM exit feature
  so that extremely large thread dumps will not be truncated when the JVM
  is killed.
* Fix a problem where CTRL-C was being ignored by the WrapperManager if a
  WrapperListener is never registered.  This is not possible if the Wrapper
  is being used correctly but never the less a user did come across it.
* Add some additional debug output to help identify the cause of problems
  loading the native library.
* The WrapperManager class now checks to make sure that its current version
  matches the version of the native library and Wrapper.  If there are any
  discrepancies found then appropriate warnings will be displayed, but the
  Application will still be allowed to start.  This was added to make obvious
  the cause of problems resulting from mismatched versions.
* Added a new property wrapper.use_system_time system time.  By setting this
  property to false, the Wrapper will start using a new experimental timer
  which uses a background thread to manage time rather than the system time.
  This has a number of advantages over using the system time and should give
  most users even more reliable behavior when the system is under high load
  or there are changes being made to the system time.  The timer is very
  critical to the operation of the Wrapper so the old behavior is left as
  the default for the time being until this feature has had the chance to be
  "time" tested.  If all goes well then this will be enabled as the default
  in a future version of the Wrapper.
  A pair of related properties, wrapper.timer_fast_threshold and
  wrapper.timer_slow_threshold were also added to aid in debugging.
* Rework the logging code so it is now thread safe.  The addition of the
  timer thread means that there is now more than a single thread accessing
  that code.  This was causing problems as the two threads tried to use the
  same buffers.  As part of this change, a new format variable 'D' was added
  to display the thread which is doing the logging.
* Fix a problem where a thread dump would be invoked if the request thread
  dump on failed JVM exit was enabled and the user forced an immediate
  shutdown by pressing CTRL-C more than once.
* Add getUser and getInteractiveUser methods to the WrapperManager class to
  make it possible for user code to query information about the user running
  Wrapper or the user who is interacting with the Wrapper and its JVM.
  Feature Request #812175.
* The Wrapper will now always exit with the exit code used to terminate the JVM
  whether System.exit is used or WrapperManager.stop.  When running as an NT
  service the Wrapper now correctly returns the correct exit code to the
  service manager so failure recovery tools should now work correctly.
  Feature Request #852491.
* Add a status command to the UNIX shell script which can be used to find out
  whether or not the wrapper is currently running.  Patch submitted by
  Joseph Benavidez.
* Modify the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp so that the main method
  of a class is located even if it exists in a parent class rather than the
  class specified.
* To make debugging classpath problems easier, the Wrapper now verifies all
  classpath entries before launching a JVM and logs debug level warnings for
  any entries that do not exist.
* Fix a problem where it was possible to define a zero length filter that would
  trigger on any output.
* Add some additional debug output to make it easier to debug startup,
  shutdown and restart problems.
* Modify the way the Wrapper forcibly kills a frozen JVM on UNIX platforms so
  that it now sends a SIGTERM, waits up to 5 seconds, then sends a SIGKILL.
* Add a new wrapper.java.library.path.append_system_path property which will
  cause the Wrapper to append the system path to the generated library path.
  Feature Request #917902.
* Fix a problem where spaces around the '=' character of a property definition
  were rendering the property invisible to the Wrapper.  Bug #916001.
* Fix a problem where the first ping timeout after the JVM was started was
  still hard coded at 30 seconds.  This was causing a combination of large
  values of wrapper.ping.interval and wrapper.ping.timeout to fail.
* Fix a problem where the JVM would fail to shutdown cleanly if the Wrapper
  was asked to stop too soon after launching a JVM.  This was leading to the
  JVM being killed after the shutdown timeout expired.  Bug #917281.
* Added an adviser which will print out explanatory messages to the console
  and wrapper log file when the Wrapper encounters a commonly made
  configuration mistake.  This is designed to cut down on support requests
  by new users.  Can be disabled using the wrapper.adviser property.
* The bash script and the realpath utility have been deprecated since version
  3.0.3.  They have been removed in this release.  The sh script is recommended
  on all UNIX platforms, and the realpath utility which was used by pre-3.0.3
  bash and sh scripts has not been used since.
* Add the wrapper.startup.delay property along with console and service
  specific variants which make it possible to configure a delay between the
  Wrapper being launched and the first JVM being launched.
* Promote the wrapper.debug property back from being "deprecated".  It has
  continued to be useful and deserved documentation and official status.
* Add wrapper.on_exit.<n> properties to control what happens when a exits
  based on the exit code.
* Modify the way calls to System.in.read() are handled so that they now block
  rather than throwing an exception.  Currently, System.in can not be used with
  the Wrapper because of the way I/O is passed between the Wrapper and JVM.
* Modified the Windows batch files to fix a problem where the path to the
  Wrapper.exe contained more than one "/bin".  The new batch files are much
  simpler and should be easier to customize if needed.  Bug #925308.
* Modified the wrapper.java.initmemory and wrapper.java.maxmemory properties
  so that they now default to a value of 0 which causes the -Xms and -Xmx
  parameters to be omitted from the command used to launch Java.  This
  will cause the JVM to use its own default values and also makes it possible
  to specify the memory parameters using the wrapper.java.additional.<n>
  properties.
* Added a pair of environment variables, WRAPPER_FILE_SEPARATOR and
  WRAPPER_PATH_SEPARATOR, whose values are set to either '/' and ':' or
  '\' and ';' on startup.  They can be used in the wrapper.conf file
  to construct platform independent property values.
* Add a new wrapper.working.dir property which makes if possible to change
  the Wrapper and JVM's working directory to a location other than the
  location of the Wrapper binary. Feature Request #738160.

3.0.5
* Added support for SGI Irix.  Big thanks to Andreas Wendt for supplying the
  patch.
* Due to a bug in the build, the native library was not included in the 3.0.3
  or 3.0.4 binary releases for OSX, building from source was working correctly.
  This has been fixed and the build greatly simplified to avoid such problems
  in the future. Bug #791755.
* Changed the default location of the pid file generated by the sh script to
  exist in the same directory as the sh script rather than in the /var/run.
  This can be changed by setting the PIDDIR variable in the sh script used to
  launch the Wrapper.
* Added support for the wrapper.pidfile property on the Windows platform.
* Added the wrapper.java.pidfile property which will cause the pid of the
  java process to be written to a specified file.
  (WINDOWS USERS) If you are using a wrapper.conf file that was created prior
  to version 3.0.0 of the Wrapper, then you may have this property defined in
  your configuration file.  You will get an error on startup if the specified
  path does not exist.
* Stop clearing the file creation mask when the Unix version of the Wrapper is
  run as a daemon process.  The file creation mask will not be inherited from
  the process which launches the Wrapper.  Bug #788849.
* Modify the sh script so it works on Linux, then deprecate the bash script.
  This means that all Unix platforms can now use the same script to control
  the Wrapper. Thanks to Mike Castle for the patch.  The bash script can still
  be found in the release, but it is deprecated and will be removed in a
  future version.
* Modified the sh script so it is now possible to set the nice priority in the
  script configuration block.
* Remove output to System.out in the WrapperManager.requestThreadDump() method.
  If some JVM threads were hung while accessing the System.out object,
  attempting to do a thread a dump would cause the calling thread to hang as
  well.  Thanks to Thomas Hart for the patch.
* Make it obvious in the log whether or not the Wrapper was started as a
  daemon process on UNIX systems.
* Modify the way restarts requested from the JVM, or caused by a filter are
  handled.  The Wrapper will no longer reset the restart count in either of
  these cases.  If an application runs for longer than the
  wrapper.successful_invocation_time timeout then the count will still be
  reset back to 0.
* Added a new wrapper.ignore_signals property which makes it possible to
  configure the Wrapper so it will ignore CTRL-C, HALT and INT signals.
* Modify the WrapperManager.isLaunchedAsService() method on UNIX systems so it
  now returns true if the Wrapper was launched with the wrapper.daemonize flag
  set.
* Added a pair of MBean interfaces which allow the Wrapper to be controlled
  using JMX.  See the new JMX section in the documentation for details.
  Thanks to Sal Ingrilli for help with testing.
* Modify the Windows build so the Wrapper.exe and Wrapper.dll files can now
  be built from Ant if MSVC is installed.
* Added a new wrapper.ping.interval property which lets users control the
  frequency that the Wrapper pings the JVM.  Feature Request #607768.
* When a JVM refuses to shutdown, the Wrapper can be configured to request a
  thread dump using the wrapper.request_thread_dump_on_failed_jvm_exit
  property.  The Wrapper was then waiting 1 second before the process was
  killed.  This was not always long enough, resulting in a truncated thread
  dump.  Increased the pause to 3 seconds.  Feature Request #633761.
* Fix a bug where wrapper.app.parameter.<n> and wrapper.java.additional.<n>
  properties declared from the Windows command line were not correctly
  handling spaces in their values.  Support Request #802139.

3.0.4
* Fix a problem on UNIX systems where requesting a second thread dump any time
  during the life of a single Wrapper process would cause the Wrapper and JVM
  to shutdown rather than perform the thread dump.
* Fix a problem where a, user without permission, attempting to stop an
  application was able to delete the pid file even though they were unable
  to stop the application itself.  This would make the scripts think that
  the application was stopped when was actually still running.
* Fix a problem where an application was being killed prematurely if it took
  longer than 6 seconds to exit on its own.  The scripts now make sure that
  an application always has enough time to shutdown cleanly.
* Improve the debug output so that packet codes are now shown using a name
  rather than a raw number.
* Reduce the frequency of "Waiting to stop..." messages displayed when removing
  an NT service that is currently running.  Decreased frequency from once per
  second to once every five seconds.
* Fix a minor problem where the hour in the date returned by
  WrapperInfo.getBuildTime() was not base 24.
* Added -t and -p command line options to the Windows version of the Wrapper
  to sTart and stoP the Wrapper as an NT service.  This can be used in place
  of "net start" and "net stop", which do not always work correctly when a
  service takes a long time to start up or shutdown.  See the Launching Your
  Application (Win32) section for more details.
* Add a new method WrapperManager.stopImmediate which will cause the JVM to
  exit immediately without calling any stop methods or shutdown hooks.
* Add a new class, WrapperActionServer, which makes it easy to remotely control
  the Wrapper remotely by opening a socket and sending commands.  See the
  javadocs of the class for more details.
* Fix bug #744801.  A Java GUI was not being displayed when the application was
  run in either console mode or as a service with wrapper.ntservice.interactive
  enabled.  This problem was introduced in Version 3.0.0 when using 1.2.x or
  1.3.x versions of Java.  To use interactive services with 1.2.x or 1.3.x
  versions of java, please review the documentation for the
  wrapper.ntservice.interactive property.
* Fix a problem where the JVM was not receiving CTRL-C and CTRL-CLOSE events
  when running under the Wrapper on Windows.  This was not a problem in most
  cases as the Wrapper was taking care of the processing of the events.  But
  the WrapperListener.controlEvent() method was not being called as documented.
* Changed the way the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp respond to
  control events so that the JVM will respond and call WrapperManager.stop()
  even when being controlled by the Wrapper.
* Modified the suggested behavior of the WrapperListener.controlEvent() method.
  Users who have implemented the WrapperListener interface themselves should
  review the Javadocs.  The changes are not required and applications will
  continue to function as they did before.
* Added support for DEC OSF1 (Alpha).  Big thanks to Andreas Wendt for
  supplying the patch.
* Fix a problem where the sh and bash scripts were failing if the path to the
  script contained spaces.
* Fix a problem where the JVM would sometimes hang when trying to shutdown if
  the wrapper.key parameter was passed to the JVM while not being controlled
  by the Wrapper.  This would happen if a user copied the command from the
  Wrapper's debug output and attempted to run it as is without first removing
  the wrapper.key parameter.
* Implement the ability to specify an NT service's load order group in response
  to feature request #764143.  See the javadocs for the new
  wrapper.ntservice.load_order_group property for details.
* Improve the error message displayed when the NT EventLog is full in response
  to feature request #643617.  The EventLog output will now be disabled if any
  errors are encountered while logging events.  This prevents the error from
  repeating.
* Improve the error message displayed on Windows when the configured Java
  command can not be executed or does not exist.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was leaving a pipe unclosed each time the JVM
  was restarted on all UNIX platforms.  This was causing the Wrapper to run out
  of file handles.   Bug #767267, discovered and patched by David Wong.
* Fix a problem where the '#' character, which signifies a comment, could not
  be included in property values.  A double hash, '##' will now resolve into a
  '#' within the property value.  Bug #777303.
* Added support for FreeBSD.  Big thanks to Alphonse Bendt for supplying the
  patch.
* Make the wrapper.port property optional.
* Changed the way environment variables are loaded from the registry on Windows
  platforms so users will no longer get warning messages about not being able
  to handle very large environment variables.  Prior versions could only handle
  environment variables whose expanded value was less than 2048 characters in
  length.
* Fix a problem on UNIX platforms where a shell used to start the Wrapper
  running as a detached process would hang when the user attempted to exit
  the shell.  Thanks to Mike Castle for this patch.

3.0.3
* Added support for Mac OS X.  Big thanks to Andy Barnett for supplying the
  patch.
* Fix a segmentation fault on UNIX systems when the first console output
  from the JVM was an empty line.  Thanks to Mike Castle for finding this.
* Fix a problem where a 0 length malloc was being called if there were no
  configured filters.  This was fine on most platforms but caused a crash
  on MAC OS X.
* Rework the initialization of the bash and sh scripts so that they will
  work correctly when referenced as symbolic links.  Thanks go out to Richard
  Emberson for the code to resolve symbolic links.
* Deprecated the realpath binary in the *NIX distributions as it is no longer
  used by the bash or sh scripts.  It is being left in for now so as not to
  break the build scripts of other projects, but it will be removed after a
  couple more releases.
* Added a test to make sure that wrapper.ntservice.interactive is not set to
  TRUE when an account is specified using wrapper.ntservice.account.

3.0.2
* Modified the sh and bash scripts so that console log output is disabled by
  default when the scripts are launched with the 'start' action.  Running with
  the 'console' action will still send output to the console.  Logging to the
  file is still enabled.
* Modified the wrapper.ping.timeout property so it also controls the ping
  timeout within the JVM.  Before the timeout on responses to the Wrapper
  could be controlled, but the ping timeout within the JVM was hardcoded to
  30 seconds.
* In the last release, some work was done to avoid false timeouts caused by
  large quantities of output.  On some heavily loaded systems, timeouts were
  still being encountered.  Rather than reading up to 50 lines of input, the
  code will now read for a maximum of 250ms before returning to give the main
  event loop more cycles.
* Fix a problem where the values of environment variables set in the
  configuration file were not correct when those values included references
  to other environment variables.
* Fix a potential buffer overflow problem if configuration properties
  referenced extremely large environment variables.
* Fix a potential problem where the inability to expand very large environment
  variables would have led to an access violation when run as an NT service.
* Add some extra checks in the event where the native library can not be loaded
  so that the WrapperManager can differentiate between the library missing and
  not being readable due to permission problems.
* Remove the wrapper.ntservice.process_priority from the default wrapper.conf
  because its use can produce unexpected results if used improperly.  Please
  see the property documentation for details.
* Fix a problem where environment variables in the registry which had no value
  were causing the Wrapper to crash with an access violation.  This was
  introduced in version 3.0.0 with the feature to load environment variables
  from the registry.  The offending registry entry was WV_GATEWAY_CFG which
  appears to be related to Oracle.

3.0.1
* Fix a problem with the wrapper.disable_shutdown_hook.  Due to a typo in the
  source, the property was being ignored.  This was broken in the 3.0.0
  release.
* Fix a problem with the HP-UX release build reported by Ashish Gawarikar.
* Add the ability to set environment variables from within the configuration
  file or from the command line.
* Fix a problem on HP-UX and AIX machines where the stop() function in the
  shell scripts was causing a syntax error due to a conflict with a like named
  shell command on those platforms.  This appears to be an issue with the
  Korn shell on all platforms.
* Fix a problem where very heavy output from the JVM can cause the Wrapper to
  give a false timeout.  The Wrapper now only reads 50 lines of input at a time
  to guarantee that the Wrapper's event loop always gets cycles.
* Fix a problem on UNIX versions where extra line breaks would sometimes be
  added to the logged output when there was large amounts of output being
  sent from the JVM.
* Fix a problem where a large number of calls to WrapperManager.log()
  immediately before the JVM exits could lead to the Wrapper incorrectly
  reporting that the JVM exited unexpectedly.

3.0.0
* Deprecated the com.silveregg.wrapper package in favor of
  org.tanukisoftware.wrapper.  The classes and interfaces in the silveregg
  package will continue to function, but migration to the new package should
  be done when possible. See the project history for details.
* On Windows systems change any forward slashes in the wrapper.java.command
  property to back slashes.  Some users had reported having problems on
  Windows XP.
* Implemented feature request #633178.  Added WrapperManager.requestThreadDump()
  to force the current JVM to immediately perform a thread dump.
* Fixed bug where wrapper.logfile.maxsize was being set to 0 if the 'k' or 'm'
  unit was omitted.
* Add the ability to specify an account name and password when installing an
  NT service.
* Add a property, wrapper.ntservice.interactive, which makes it possible to
  control whether or not the Java process can gain access to the desktop while
  it is running as an NT service.
* Add limited support for 1.2.x versions of Java.  Shutdown hooks are
  supported until Java 1.3 so those functions will be disabled.  If the
  application displays a GUI then Java 1.3 should be used as the GUI can not
  currently be displayed when using Java 1.2.x.
* Made it possible to use the wrapper.pidfile property on all *nix platforms.
  Please notice that the property has been removed from the default
  wrapper.conf file.  The property is not needed when the wrapper is launched
  with the bash shell script.  The sh shell script will set the wrapper.pidfile
  when the wrapper is launched.  If either of the scripts provided with the
  Wrapper distribution are used then the wrapper.pidfile should always be
  removed from your wrapper.conf file.
* Added a new wrapper.daemonize property which, when set, will form the wrapper
  process to be a detached non-session group leader.  This makes it possible to
  launch the wrapper in such a way that it will not be terminated when the user
  launching the process logs out.  This had been a problem on Solaris systems
  when using the sh shell.  The default sh and bash scripts both make use of
  this in the default.  Please update your scripts for use with this version.
  Thanks to Rajiv Subrahmanyam for the patch.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was incorrectly counting the number of
  non-daemon threads in BEA's JRockit Virtual Machine.  This was causing the
  application to shutdown when the non-daemon thread count dropped to 1.
* Added support for building the wrapper on AIX and HP-UX systems.  Thanks for
  the patches involved go out to Ashish Gawarikar and William Lee.
* Implement feature request #653131 to force the JVM to immediately exit when
  the user presses CTRL-C multiple times.
* Added a 'console' action to the bash and sh scripts to make it possible to
  launch the Wrapper in the current shell process.  The 'start' task will launch
  the Wrapper as a spawned daemon process.
* Fixed a problem where missing environment variables specified in classpath
  or library path properties were not being handled correctly.
* Implemented feature request #676599 to enable the filtering of JVM output to
  trigger JVM restarts or Wrapper shutdowns.  See the new
  wrapper.filter.trigger.n and wrapper.filter.action.n properties.
* Modify the Win32 version of the Wrapper so that Environment Variables are
  always read from the system registry when the Wrapper is run as a service.
  By doing this, it makes it possible to change or add the system environment
  variables and have them take effect without having to first reboot the
  machine.
* Implemented cascading configuration files.
* Changed the default value for the wrapper.java.initmemory property to be 3Mb.
  The default on Windows and Linux JVMs is 2Mb, but the Solaris JVM requires
  a minimum of 3Mb.  The minimum value accepted by the Wrapper was changed
  from 8Mb to 1Mb to make it possible to reduce the footprint of applications
  to what is possible without using the wrapper.
* Improve the parsing of configuration files so that leading and trailing white
  space is now correctly trimmed.  It is also now possible to have comments at
  the end of a line containing a property.
* Modify the way exceptions thrown by an application's main method are
  presented to the user by the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperStartStopApp so
  they no longer look like a problem with Wrapper configuration.

2.2.9
* Added a new property, wrapperper.restart.delay, which allows the user to control
  the amount of time to pause between a JVM exiting and a new JVM being
  launched.
* Fixed bug #611024. The Wrapper would sometimes fail to start if
  wrapper.max_failed_invocations is set to 1.
* Fix a problem where the number of non-daemon threads was not being calculated
  in some cases.
* Implemented feature request #491443.  Environment variables referenced in the
  wrapper.conf file will now be evaluated as the file is loaded.  The windows
  syntax for environment variables is used on all platforms to make them
  platform independent.
* Fixed a problem where the wrapper.conf was being open with both read and
  write locks when a read lock is all that is needed.  Made the wrapper fail
  on startup if another application held a read lock on the conf file.
* Modified the message displayed when the native library could not be found,
  so that it is much more descriptive.  Hopefully it will cut down on questions
  caused by configuration problems.
* Implemented feature request #613539. Modified the wrapper.java.library.path
  to function like the wrapper.java.classpath.n properties so that multiple
  directories can be specified in the library path in a platform independent
  way.  The old property is still supported, but deprecated.
* Fix Bug #632215.  The WrapperManager.isLaunchedAsService() method was always
  returning false, even when run as a service under Windows.  On linux, the
  Wrapper is always run as a console app, so this method will always return
  false.
* Improve the message thrown when user code attempts to access System.in from
  within a JVM being controlled by the Wrapper.  System.in will not work
  because the JVM is a spawned process.

2.2.8
* Fixed a compiler problem on Solaris some systems.
* Added a new property, wrapper.cpu.timeout, which allows the user to control
  how much time without receiving any CPU the Wrapper will tolerate before
  displaying a warning message.  The CPU timeout feature was added in 2.2.7
  but the default timeout of 10 seconds was not configurable.
* The Wrapper was only allowing 5 seconds between the JVM informing the
  Wrapper that it was going to exit and the JVM process actually exiting.
  This would cause the Wrapper to terminate the process prematurely in
  cases where an application shutdown thread took longer than 5 seconds to
  complete.  The Wrapper now allows wrapper.jvm_exit.timeout seconds for
  the JVM process to exit on its own before being forcibly terminated.
* When there is a configuration problem or a resource is unavailable, a JVM
  will sometimes exit abnormally very shortly after being launched.  This
  can lead the the JVM being infinitely restarted due to a simple class
  path misconfiguration.  To work around this, the Wrapper has always had
  a hard limit of 5 restarts within a short period of time.  If the JVM
  has been running for more than a few minutes, then the count was reset.
  In this version, a new property. wrapper.max_failed_invocations was added
  to allow the max value to be set.   The time period which the JVM must
  now be running for the JVM launch to have been considered a success for
  restart purposes is set using the new wrapper.successful_invocation_time
  property.
* The number of advanced properties which most users do not need has been
  increasing as the Wrapper has been made more and more flexible.  This
  has been causing confusion in their usage by people who play with them
  without first reading the documentation.  To solve this, the advanced
  properties were removed from the default configuration file.  They still
  function.  But users must now read to the advanced configuration
  documentation to learn about their existence.  Added quite about to the
  descriptions of these properties to hopefully clear up any confusion
  about their usage.
* When the JVM exits abnormally, the Wrapper will pause for a few seconds
  before starting another JVM.  If the user pressed CTRL-C during this
  pause, a new JVM would still be launched.  The new JVM was exiting
  immediately but it was a waste of time.  The Wrapper now recognizes the
  event and aborts launching the new JVM.
* Added a page to the documentation which shows inline javadocs.  This
  will hopefully make it easier to navigate them as part of the full
  documentation set.
* Added a new method to the WrapperManager which enables user code to
  log at any log level.
* Added a new Helper class WrapperStartStopApp which allows users to easily
  integrate applications like Tomcat which use a separate class to stop
  the application.
* Added a samples section to the documentation.  Just includes Tomcat 4
  for now.

2.2.7
* Fix a problem where the JVM was trying to reconnect the Wrapper as it was
  being shutdown.  This was causing problems if the JVM was being restarted.
* Added support for the system being suspended to RAM or disk.  Also improved
  wrapper performance when a system is under 100% load.  See the new example
  output in the example section. 
* Fix a problem where the log output was not being directed to a file called
  wrapper.log in the same directory as the Wrapper binary in the event that the
  configured wrapper log file could not be accessed.
* Fix a problem where the Wrapper was not shutting down the JVM correctly when
  all non daemon threads completed.   Normally a JVM will exit when all of its
  non daemon threads have completed so this was causing some problems.
  (Thanks to Jung Tamas)
* Added the ability to set the priority of the Wrapper and its JVM when run
  as an NT service or console application.  The same thing can be better
  achieved on Unix systems by using "nice" in the shell script used to launch
  the Wrapper.  See the documentation for for details.
* JVM information was not being displayed correctly when the Wrapper native
  library could not be loaded.
* Added a new property to cause the wrapper to attempt to request a thread dump
  when the JVM does not exit on request.
* Improved the documentation of the WrapperSimpleApp and WrapperListener
  classes.
* Adding a new property wrapper.shutdown.timeout to allow the user to extend
  the length of time that an application is allowed to take shutting down.
* Rework the way the shutdown process works so that System.exit will never be
  called before the stop method in WrapperListener has had a chance to complete.
* Add a Restart button to the TestWrapper application.
* Fix a problem on Unix versions where '%' characters in Java output would
  sometimes cause the wrapper to crash.  Somehow missed getting this into the
  last release.
* Added a test to make sure that WrapperManager.stop is not called recursively.
* Added support for building under Windows XP.  Prebuilt installations had
  already been working. 

2.2.6
* Fix a problem where '%' characters in Java output would sometimes cause the
  wrapper to crash.  (Thanks to Frode Moe)
* Added support for requesting a Java thread dump without shutting down the
  Java process.
* Fixed a problem on windows where the java command was looking in the windows
  system and system32 directories for the java executable before checking the
  path when the full path to the java executable was not specified in the
  configuration file.  This could lead to different JVM being run from the
  Wrapper than was run if java -version was run from the command line.  The
  Wrapper will now attempt to resolve the full java path using the PATH
  environment variable.
* Added debug output showing Java version information when the JVM first
  starts.
* Modified c source to use /* */ style comments rather than // style comments.
  Some people were having problems with some compilers.

2.2.5
* Added support for service descriptions for Win2k and XP.
* Fixed bug issue when reading configuration files from Windows on Unix.
* Deprecated the wrapper.debug property in favor of loglevels.
* Added new logger functionality includes the following features:
  Loglevels like Log4j, NT Eventlog support, UNIX syslog support and rolling
  log files.
* Added wildcard support for classpath entries in wrapper.conf.
* Added the ability to specify configuration properties from the command line.
* Changed the way NT services are installed so that a patched version of the
  Wrapper.exe file no longer needs to be created to reference the
  wrapper.conf file.

2.2.4
* The value of APP_NAME in the bash or sh scripts no longer needs to be the
  same as the script.
* Added the ability to format and/or disable file logging and output to the
  console.
* Set mode of executables in binary release tar files so that they can be run
  without modification after being extracted.
* Fixed line feeds in release so that bat files are always CRLF, unix scripts
  are always LF.  Other source files are always CRLF in ZIP archives and LF
  in tar.gz archives.
* Make the build fail if Wrapper.exe or Wrapper.dll do not exist for Windows
  builds.
* Added an empty wrapper.log to the releases so that the TestWrapper example
  program runs out of the box.

2.2.3
* Added template scripts and conf files for ease of integration with other
  applications.
* Cleaned up the build.
* The WrapperSimpleApp method of launchine applications was not working 
  correctly with applications whose main method did not return.
* Add sample scripts and wrapper.conf files in the bin and lib directories.
  These scripts are used to start a sample application which runs out of the
  box.  See the new example.html page in the documentation for more details.
* Get rid of the platform specific directories in the bin and lib directories.
* Enable relative paths for Windows version.  In previous versions of Wrapper,
  it was necessary to always use absolute paths because the working directory 
  of the wrapper would be then NT System32 directory when run as a service.
* On the windows version, the wrapper always sets the current working
  directory to the location of the wrapper executable immediately after
  startup.
* Improvements to the documentation / web page.

2.2.2
* Added HTML based documentation.

2.2.1
* Added Linux and Solaris build files.
* Added Linux and Solaris documentation.

2.2.0
* Initial Public Release.

